
[1] 

[2] "Leaving Eiden aside," I say, "shouldn't we rather be discussing our plans for the arena?"

"Don't worry about the arena!" Hadrik says. "I alone should be more than enough to deal with whatever the ambassador can throw at us!"

"Oh, yeah?" I say. "And what if they separate us?"

"Barry makes a good point," Daren says. "The first thing we need to make sure of is that we can still communicate with each other, even if they decide to throw us in different cells."

Daren takes off his backpack, and then he takes three transceivers out of it.

"Kate, Hadrik, Flower, take these," he says, as he gives each one of them a transceiver. "Barry, you already have a transceiver. I don't think I've shown you this before, but you have a dial on the right side of your transceiver that you can use to change your calling frequency, in order to match the signature frequency of one of the other transceivers. Does everyone see the dial I'm talking about?"

"Yes," we all answer.

"Good," Daren says. "Each of the transceivers is assigned a number, which corresponds to its own unique signature frequency. Make sure you memorize everyone else's number so you'll know who to contact, when the need arises. The numbers are engraved on the back of the transceivers."


[3] "You are not allowed to use ranged weapons within the arenas of Varathia," the king's servant says.

"I'll be honest with you, Barry," Daren tells me, "even if ranged weapons were allowed, I would still not recommend getting your crossbow enchanted. It would be much better to buy a new one. Basic enchantment just isn't a good substitute for poor craftsmanship. With daggers, it's different, because the quality of the metal is much more important than the way the blade was made."

"Why do you keep talking about basic enchantments?" Hadrik says. "Aren't you supposed to be one of the most skilled enchanters in the world? Why don't you just cast some of those crazy enchantments you have on your sword on Barry and Kate's daggers?"

Daren frowns at him.

"The more advanced the enchantment, the more time and resources it requires," he says. "It would take me weeks to cast the enchantments I used on my sword, and it would cost a small fortune to acquire the needed materials. I doubt that I'll be doing anything other than basic enchantments for the duration of this tournament. Barry, Kate, give me your daggers. I will enchant them both as soon as we reach that shop."

Once he found the shop, Daren went in, and he didn't come out until exactly half an hour had passed. 


[4] "You are not allowed to use ranged weapons within the arenas of Varathia," the king's servant says.

"I'll be honest with you, Barry," Daren tells me, "even if ranged weapons were allowed, I would still not recommend getting your crossbow enchanted. It would be much better to buy a new one. Basic enchantment just isn't a good substitute for poor craftsmanship. With daggers, it's different, because the quality of the metal is much more important than the way the blade was made."

"Why do you keep talking about basic enchantments?" Hadrik says. "Aren't you supposed to be one of the most skilled enchanters in the world? Why don't you just cast some of those crazy enchantments you have on your sword on Barry and Kate's daggers?"

Daren frowns at him.

"The more advanced the enchantment, the more time and resources it requires," he says. "It would take me weeks to cast the enchantments I used on my sword, and it would cost a small fortune to acquire the needed materials. I doubt that I'll be doing anything other than basic enchantments for the duration of this tournament. Barry, Kate, give me your daggers. I will enchant them both as soon as we reach that shop."

Once he found the shop, Daren went in, and he didn't come out until exactly half an hour had passed. 


[5] It took us about two more hours to get from the marketplace to the arenas. Once we reached our destination, we waved goodbye to the king's servant, and then we went inside a small building near the arena which we were told was the 'main office'. The room we entered looked more like the inside of a prison, than an office, but there was a man sitting at a desk in front of us, who seemed to be arranging some papers when we came in. The man paid us no mind until he finished what he was doing, and then he got up and greeted us with a curt nod.

"I was told that you'd be coming here tonight," he says, in a disinterested tone. "Only three of you will be participating, am I correct?"

"Four," Hadrik says, with a wide grin, as he hands his admission letter from the king to the desk worker.

"I see," the desk worker says, after he reads the letter. "Very well, then. Given that I am the only one who is still working at this late hour, I will have to ask you to wait patiently in this lobby, while I lead each one of you to your individual cells."


[6] "There are currently two empty cells left in your division," he says. "Cell number three and cell number five. They are located on opposite sides of the recreational area. I haven't been ordered to place you in any specific cell of the two. Which one would you prefer?"

"I don't know," I say. "What's the difference between the two of them?"

"There is no difference," the desk worker says, bluntly.

"No difference at all?" I ask.

"None whatsoever."

"So, why are you asking me, then?"

"I'm asking you so you can make a decision. Now choose. Which will it be? Cell number three or cell number five?"


[7] The room I am now finding myself in is only being lit by a few candles. The recreational area appears to be empty, except for one particularly bulky man, wearing leather armor, who is now steadily approaching me. 

"I've been waiting for you," the man says, in a menacing tone. "I heard that they'd be bringing you in tonight."

"Do I know you?" I ask him, confused.

"No, I don't see why you would," the bulky man says, as he stops a few feet in front of me. "I don't know who you are either."

"Then why were you waiting for me?" I say.

"Because I've heard the guards talking," the man says. "They were talking about a group of mages who killed the earl of Ollendor, and I heard them say that a member of that group would be sent to our division tonight. I'll have to admit that I wasn't expecting a stillwater."

I remain silent. There would be no point in correcting him. I'd much rather have everyone think I'm an all-powerful stillwater than give away the fact that I'm not a mage at all.

"It doesn't matter, though," the bulky man continues. "You may as well be one of the four sages, for all the good it will do you. Magic is not allowed in here. I could very well crush your puny head with my bare hands and you wouldn't be able to do anything about it."

"Now, why would you want to do that?" I ask him. "Aren't we supposed to be part of the same team?"


[8] "Why don't you just leave, then?" I say.

"You think I didn't try?!" the man shouts, even louder than before. "The owner of the arena isn't letting any of us go. It's the first time in years when he's being allowed to make the show as deadly as he wants. Do you know that he's been collecting rare beasts and keeping them in the underground tunnels for the past ten years, waiting for a chance to parade them in front of an audience? Well, now that he's finally been given permission, the man is planning to make us fight every single one of them! He wants to make this the crowning moment of his career. He doesn't care about what the king of Thilias will do to him if he goes overboard. As long as this one show is successful, he may as well die, for all he cares, and so can we."

"Get a hold of yourself," I tell him. "You're acting as if we're being sent to the gallows, not to a gladiatorial event. I didn't come here to waste time, wallowing in self-pity. I came here to win."

After hearing what I had to say, the bulky man completely loses the little self-control he had left, and he swings his right fist at my face, with full force.


[9] "Maybe I underestimated you, stillwater," he says, as sweat is dripping from his forehead. "Maybe you can put up a fight even without your magic. But it's going to take more than a few martial art techniques to make it out of that arena alive."

"Don't worry," I say. "I also have a few other tricks up my sleeve!"

"We'll see," the bulky man says, and then he turns away from me and heads towards his cell.

Of the four people that were spectating our fight, two are now going back to their cells, one is heading towards me, and the last one is still standing by the door, watching me intently. The one who is heading towards me is a man about my age, who is wearing his hair in a ponytail, and who has a way of smiling that reminds me of Eiden. The one that remained by the door, watching me is a girl with long silver hair, who appears to be no older than twenty.

The man with the ponytail stops in front of me and he smiles politely.

"I see that you were able to hold your own against Bruce even without your magic," he says. "Impressive! Not many would dare to face him head on like you did just now. May I ask you your name?"


[10] "We'll see," the bulky man says, and then he turns away from me and heads towards his cell.

Of the four people that were spectating our fight, two are now going back to their cells, one is heading towards me, and the last one is still standing by the door, watching me intently. The one who is heading towards me is a man about my age, who is wearing his hair in a ponytail, and who has a way of smiling that reminds me of Eiden. The one that remained by the door, watching me is a girl with long silver hair, who appears to be no older than twenty.

The man with the ponytail stops in front of me and he smiles politely.

"I see that you were able to hold your own against Bruce even without your magic," he says. "Impressive! Not many would dare to face him head on like you did just now. May I ask you your name?"


[11] "If you can't even avoid a punch like that," Bruce says, "then there's no need for me to finish you off. You will likely be killed in the first few minutes of the first round. We'll see how well you can run your mouth then."

The bulky man then turns away from me, and he starts to head back towards his cell. Taking a better look at the man who saved me, I see that he looks about my age, he is wearing his hair in a ponytail, and there is something about the way he smiles that reminds me of Eiden.

"Don't mind him," the man with the ponytail says, as he points towards the bulky man. "Bruce is just a little tense because our schedules have been changed, that's all. I'm sure that he'll calm down in the morning. May I ask you your name?"


[12] Of the four people that were spectating our fight, two are now going back to their cells, one is heading towards me, and the last one is still standing by the door, watching me intently. The one who is heading towards me is a man about my age, who is wearing his hair in a ponytail, and who has a way of smiling that reminds me of Eiden. The one that remained by the door, watching me is a girl with long silver hair, who appears to be no older than twenty.

The man with the ponytail stops in front of me and he smiles politely.

"I see that you were able to hold your own against Bruce even without your magic," he says. "Impressive! Not many would dare to face him head on like you did just now. May I ask you your name?"


[13] After Wilhelm closes his door, the girl with the silver hair watches me for another few seconds, and then she also goes inside her room, shutting the door behind her. I decide that there's no use in lingering around any longer, so I head towards my room as well. When I get inside my cell, I see that the only piece of furniture available to me is a bed made entirely out of stone. I lock the door with the key I got from the desk worker, I throw my backpack on the ground, and then I go to sit down on the bed. 

The only source of light in the room appears to be coming from a very small window above me, which gives me a direct view towards the corridor outside the recreation area. There doesn't seem to be any movement in the tunnels outside my cell. The guards must either be sleeping, or patrolling a different corridor. I take a sweater out of my backpack and I use it as a makeshift pillow to put on my cold stone bed. As soon as I place my head on it, I fall asleep, and I wake up about seven hours later, to the sound of a guard's voice, coming from outside my cell.

"Get up," the guard says. "It's recreation time. Go recreate. Come on, get out of here!"


[14] "Yeah," Bruce says. "About Wilhelm. He might seem like an ordinary guy to you, but in reality he's a trained assassin. I can tell by the way he moves and speaks. These assassin types can never be trusted. They're not real warriors like you and me. The only way they know how to fight is by stabbing people in the back. You should be careful around him. Don't believe anything he says!"

"Huh," I say. "That's good to know. I'll look out for him. Thanks!"

"Just make sure that you don't get yourself killed before the arena," Bruce says. "You're the only one besides me who can actually put up a fight in this blasted division."

Bruce then pats me on the shoulder, and he goes back to where he was standing at the beginning. Just as I was about to go get that book, it is now Wilhelm who is approaching me, with a determined look on his face.

"Listen," Wilhelm says. "I'm not sure exactly what you were talking about with Bruce, but you should be careful around him."

"I should?" I ask him.

"Yes," Wilhelm says. "You already saw the way he treated you yesterday. He is the kind of person who likes to act before he thinks, and these types of individuals are always dangerous. He might act friendly towards you now, but who knows what he'll do tomorrow. When you're up against unpredictable brutes that prefer to rely on their fists instead of their reason, you can never know when they'll turn against you."


[15] "Yeah," Bruce says. "About Wilhelm. He might seem like an ordinary guy to you, but in reality he's a trained assassin. I can tell by the way he moves and speaks. These assassin types can never be trusted. They're not real warriors like you and me. The only way they know how to fight is by stabbing people in the back. You should be careful around him. Don't believe anything he says!"

Oh, yeah," I say. "I figured that he was an assassin. Don't worry, I'll look out for him."

"Just make sure that you don't get yourself killed before the arena," Bruce says. "You're the only one besides me who can actually put up a fight in this blasted division."

Bruce then pats me on the shoulder, and he goes back to where he was standing at the beginning. Just as I was about to go get that book, it is now Wilhelm who is approaching me, with a determined look on his face.

"Listen," Wilhelm says. "I'm not sure exactly what you were talking about with Bruce, but you should be careful around him."

"I should?" I ask him.

"Yes," Wilhelm says. "You already saw the way he treated you yesterday. He is the kind of person who likes to act before he thinks, and these types of individuals are always dangerous. He might act friendly towards you now, but who knows what he'll do tomorrow. When you're up against unpredictable brutes that prefer to rely on their fists instead of their reason, you can never know when they'll turn against you."


[16] "Yeah," Bruce says. "About Wilhelm. He might seem like an ordinary guy to you, but in reality he's a trained assassin. I can tell by the way he moves and speaks. These assassin types can never be trusted. They're not real warriors like you and me. The only way they know how to fight is by stabbing people in the back. You should be careful around him. Don't believe anything he says!"

"Oh, yeah," I say. "I figured that he was an assassin. Don't worry, I'll look out for him."

"Just make sure that you don't get yourself killed before the arena," Bruce says. "You're the only one besides me who can actually put up a fight in this blasted division."

Bruce then pats me on the shoulder, and he goes back to where he was standing at the beginning. Just as I was about to go get that book, it is now Wilhelm who is approaching me, with a determined look on his face.

"Good morning," Wilhelm says. "I hope that I'm not interrupting anything. I just wanted to talk to you about our conversation from yesterday. I think that we may have started off on the wrong foot. If I've given you any reason to mistrust me, then I promise you that I will do everything in my power to--"

"Listen, Wilhelm," I interrupt him. "After what I told you yesterday, I assumed that you'd be smart enough to stay out of my way until the end of the arena events, but I guess I was mistaken. It's no problem. I'll just make my stance a little clearer this time around."


[17] "Good morning," Wilhelm says. "I've got some news for you that I think you might find useful. From what I've heard, in a few hours from now, the ambassador and the arena's owner should be discussing important matters about the organization of the arena events. The guards from this place have a habit of overhearing these types of conversations and they usually like to discuss them amongst themselves. Make sure you pay close attention to what they're saying when they're outside your cell. I will do the same. "

"That's interesting," I say. "I'll keep that in mind."

"Alright," Wilhelm says. "That's all I wanted to tell you. I'll make sure to let you know if I hear anything. I hope you will do the same."

"Of course," I say.


[18] "Good morning," Wilhelm says. "I hope that I'm not interrupting anything. I just wanted to talk to you about our conversation from yesterday. I think that we may have started off on the wrong foot. If I've given you any reason to mistrust me, then I promise you that I will do everything in my power to--"

"Listen, Wilhelm," I interrupt him. "After what I told you yesterday, I assumed that you'd be smart enough to stay out of my way until the end of the arena events, but I guess I was mistaken. It's no problem. I'll just make my stance a little clearer this time around."

"What do you mean?" Wilhelm asks me, with a bit of apprehension in his voice.

"I mean that I'm going to give you a choice," I say. "I'm not sure why you'd want to kill me. I don't know if you've been hired, or if you have some personal reason for it. But in the end, you're just an assassin, you're not a fighter. In order to kill someone, you can't fight them head on. You need the element of surprise. Now, of course, you can still try to catch me off guard, but your problem will be that I'll know exactly what to expect. If you think that's worth the risk, then by all means, go ahead. If not, then I suggest you keep away from me until we're done with the arena."

"I understand," Wilhelm says, looking as if I'd taken all the wind out of his sails. "I won't bother you any longer."

He then turns to leave.


[19] Now that I take a better look at the girl, I see that she is at least one head shorter than me, and that she has a very frail constitution. I can see why Wilhelm would choose to call her a princess. She definitely doesn't look like a fighter. Her clothes, however, are nothing close to what a princess might wear. She is wearing a simple beige blouse, short leggings that seem comfortable to move in, and wooden sandals. Despite her frail looking body, the girl is wearing two knives on her belt, and her arms and legs are full of bruises, which indicates that she's likely been in a fight, shortly before she was incarcerated. 

Seeing that the girl has no intention of saying anything, I take it upon myself to initiate a conversation.

"So, are you going to tell me why you've been staring at me for the past five minutes?" I ask her, bluntly.

The girl gives me no sign of having heard me, and she keeps looking at me, without any change in her expression.

"Well?" I say. "Aren't you going to say anything?"

Still no response. Wilhelm was right. This is pointless.

I turn away to leave, but then I suddenly feel something pulling on my sleeve. When I turn back, I see that the girl is now holding me by my shirt's sleeve, and there is a blue colored writing, floating in mid-air, in front of her face. The writing is in the Common language, and it says simply: "Wait". 


[20] "I'm sorry," she writes. "But you're the one who started it. Why wouldn't you come with me?"

"Because I barely know you!" I say. "How was I supposed to know that you weren't luring me into a trap or something? I'm still not completely sure that this isn't a trap, actually."

Leila looks at me, a bit shocked.

"A trap?" Leila writes. "What could I possibly gain from doing something like that? Aren't you aware that killing or critically injuring a member of your own division is against the rules?"

"Not really," I tell her. "Nobody bothered to tell me the rules of the arena before coming here."

"But it's one of the standard rules of all the arenas of Varathia!" Leila writes.

"I'm not from around here, remember?" I say.

Leila sighs, and she goes to sit on her bed.

"In that case," Leila writes, "you'd better take care to also not harm the organizers or any of the spectators. That is against the rules, as well."


[21] "Then how come you are here, in this arena?" I say. "I had the impression that lessathi have a higher status than nobility on this continent. Can't your father just pull some strings in order to have you released?"

Leila looks down at the ground for a few seconds, before her new text appears.

"My father and I are outcasts," she writes. "We aren't treated the same way as the other lessathi. We've been in hiding for years, but a few months ago my father was sold to a noble, and made into a slave. The reason why I'm here is because they caught me yesterday, shortly after I managed to rescue him."

"I see," I say.

"After they enslaved him, I never thought I'd see him again," Leila writes. "But a week ago, when the tournament began, and I started receiving my first stat points, I finally felt like I had a chance to free him. I waited until I could upgrade my speed, strength and combat technique stats to their maximum level of three, and then I singlehandedly defeated all of the guards holding my father prisoner. I only wish I'd waited until I could invest a little in toughness as well..."

Leila then shows me the bruises on her arms and legs.


[22] "I've been noticing that too," I tell her. "I've only gotten two points since I entered the city, but I used to get points a lot faster before, unless I was travelling through completely deserted areas. Maybe it's just because there aren't very many mages from the tournament who found their way to this city?"

"Perhaps," Leila writes. "Or perhaps it's because there are other stat device wielders in this city, and the energy is being split equally among us."

"You think there might be other lessathi using stat devices in this city?" I ask her.

"I don't know," Leila writes. "It's a possibility. Can I have a look at your stat booster, please?"

"Yeah, sure, I guess..." I say, as I take my stat device out of my pocket and show it to her.

The girl gives the device one long pondering look, before she writes again.

"This has nothing to do with the reason why I asked you for your stat booster, but I feel that I need to ask," Leila writes. "Barry, why haven't you spent even a single one of your stat points until now?"


[23] "I've been noticing that too," I tell her. "I've only gotten two points since I entered the city, but I used to get points a lot faster before, unless I was travelling through completely deserted areas. Maybe it's just because there aren't very many mages from the tournament who found their way to this city?"

"Perhaps," Leila writes. "Or perhaps it's because there are other stat device wielders in this city, and the energy is being split equally among us."

"You think there might be other lessathi using stat devices in this city?" I ask her.

"I don't know," Leila writes. "It's a possibility. Can I have a look at your stat booster, please?"

"Yeah, sure, I guess..." I say, as I take my stat device out of my pocket and show it to her.

The girl gives the device one long pondering look, before she writes again.

"Thank you," Leila writes. "I wanted to see how fast your stat booster is gathering energy, compared to mine. Yours is working a little better, but not enough to justify a ten points difference between us." 


[24] The rest of the recreation period was spent in silence. There was nothing for us to discuss about the upcoming fights, and nobody seemed to be in the mood for idle chatter. Since we couldn't just stand and do nothing for two hours, each of us tried to find something to occupy our time with. Bruce started doing push-ups, Wilhelm chose to sharpen his dagger, I spent my time reading from my notebook and the two thugs decided to play some dice. Leila seemed to be the only one content with simply standing there, gazing at an empty wall in front of her until the recreation period ended.

As soon as the recreation period was over, we all went quietly back to our cells. I continued to read from my notebook for a few more hours after leaving the recreation area. I've been reading through my notes about various creatures that I've come across in my studies, but there are so many of them that it's difficult to memorize all of the information by heart. 

I still remember the day when I enchanted this notebook. It was the day when I decided to begin my journey around the world, in the hopes of finding a way to become a mage. The enchantment cost me a fortune, but it was still a lot cheaper than enchanting a backpack, and it was more than what I needed for my intents and purposes. A notepad with an endless number of pages. Was there any other tool that could have served me better in my quest for knowledge?


[25] I turn around, to see if I can get a glimpse of the man's face, but he is hiding behind the wall outside my cell.

"Do I know you?" I ask him.

"No," the voice says. "But I heard that there was a fellow lessathi among the prisoners who were brought here yesterday evening, so I came to pay you a visit."

"A fellow lessathi, you say..." I tell him.

"Yes," the voice says. "I am here to offer you a deal. Normally we do not deal with criminals, but since you are a lessathi, I believe that it's only fair to give you a second chance."

He pauses.

"Go on..." I say.


[26] "Then what is it that you are trying to do?"

"We are trying to subtly interfere with the way that one of the gnome's own devices works. One of the gnome king's inventions is currently making his secret room completely soundproof, which stops us from listening in on his private conversations. However, at the moment, we do not have any agents that the king trusts enough to allow them access to his secret room. This is why we turn to you. We are not asking you to do this for free, of course. There are ways in which we could make your fights here in the arena much easier for you. All you need to do is agree to help us, and we will take care of the rest."


[27] "Then what is it that you are trying to do?"

"We are trying to subtly interfere with the way that one of the gnome's own devices works. One of the gnome king's inventions is currently making his secret room completely soundproof, which stops us from listening in on his private conversations. However, at the moment, we do not have any agents that the king trusts enough to allow them access to his secret room. This is why we turn to you. We are not asking you to do this for free, of course. There are ways in which we could make your fights here in the arena much easier for you. All you need to do is agree to help us, and we will take care of the rest."

There's no way I could agree to take this deal after I already convinced everyone to help me rid the king of the lessathi in his city. Then again, this guy is saying that all I need to do in order to get my reward is to agree to help him. Since I'm going to attack them later anyway, I guess I wouldn't have much to lose if I lied to him now.


[28] Scorpions and manticores, huh? It's a good thing that I've got extensive notes written about them in my notebook. At least we won't go in completely unprepared.

I spent the rest of the afternoon reading from my notes. When I felt like taking a break, I called Daren, Kate and Hadrik through the transceivers, to find out how they were doing. Daren told me that he couldn't stand any of his teammates, and that they were all cowardly mercenaries who had come here to make easy money. Kate said that she almost killed one of her teammates during the recreation period, and that she only stopped when she found out it was against the rules. No one had tried to pick a fight with her since.

Hadrik seemed to be doing a little better. From what he told me, he'd already made most of his teammates into his drinking buddies, and they were spending a lot more time in the recreation area than the two daily hours they were required to.

I also made sure to tell my friends everything that I heard from the two guards earlier, as well as the weaknesses and behaviors of each type of scorpions and manticores that I knew of. Hopefully, this information will help them out in some way.


[29] "Wakey-wakey!" the guard says. "It's recreation time!"

I open the door to my cell and start heading towards an empty area of the recreation room, just like yesterday. As I walk, I overhear the two thugs from my division talking loudly several feet away from me, and I turn around to see what's going on. It looks like they're talking to Leila, as she is casually leaning with her back against the wall, watching them silently.

"Hey, princess," one of the thugs says. "How about you take us both to your room, like you did with the stillwater, yesterday?"

"Yeah," the other thug says. "We have some very important tactical information that we'd like to discuss with you."

Leila continues to look at them, without saying anything. The first thug who spoke concludes that he wasn't being intimidating enough, so he now places both his hands on the wall behind her, as he leans closer to her face.


[30] "Alright, then," Bruce says. "I'll be over there, if you need me."

He then turns away from her, and he goes back to his end of the room.

The thug that got punched in the stomach managed to get back on his feet, and he's now rushing towards his fallen comrade, who still hasn't woken up from his collision with the wall. Eventually, he manages to wake him up, and then they both walk towards their corner of the room, without even daring to glance towards Leila on their way back.

Nothing else happened during the two hour long recreation period. The mage from yesterday isolated himself, just like everyone else, and he hasn't exchanged a single word with anyone. I would have expected Wilhelm to welcome him to the division, like he did with me, but it seems that he didn't consider him worth the bother. 

After we return to our cells, I go to sit on my bed, and I open my notebook. Not long after I start reading, I hear three light knocks on my door. 

"Who is it?" I ask.

There is no answer. A few seconds later, there are three more knocks on the door which are a little louder than the last ones.


[31] Leila gives no sign of having heard me, and she keeps pulling on me until we get in front of her door. She then releases me, as she searches her pockets for her cell's key. Once she unlocks and opens the door, she gives me the same upset look as before, and she points towards her room. 

"Okay, okay, I'm going," I say, as I enter her cell.

After she locks the door, Leila grabs me by the arm again, and she places my left hand on the wall behind her bed. She then looks me straight in the eyes, as if she's expecting some kind of reaction from me.

"Is there... something special about this wall?" I ask her, confused.

"Yes," Leila writes, with her usual blue text.

"Well, can you give me some sort of hint?" I say. "What am I looking for, exactly?"

"Don't try to look," Leila writes. "You need to feel it. Try concentrating your magical sense on your hand, as you are touching the wall, and you will understand what I mean."

As I do what Leila says, I suddenly realize that the wall is somehow resonating perfectly with my magical aura, and that it's reacting directly to my touch.


[32] Leila pauses.

"However, what?" I ask.

"However," Leila continues, "the rules of the arena do state that the safety of the participants is not guaranteed outside of the area designated for their division."

"So, what you're saying is that if they catch us in the act, they can unleash all of their beasts upon us, without any restraint." 

Leila nods.

"We can just go take a look," Leila writes, "and if we see that there are too many guards, we'll go back to our cells."

I pause a bit to think.

"Alright," I say. "We'll take one look, and we can decide after that." 

Leila nods again. She then goes to the other end of the room, near the door, extending her hand towards the wall.

"Are you ready?" she writes.


[33] "Leila, it's okay!" I tell her, as she's looking at me, terrified. "Just grab onto me. I'll lead us to shore."

It takes her a few moments, but eventually she calms down, and she grabs onto me with both of her arms, holding me very tightly. Once I lead her safely to the shore, we take a break to catch our breaths. We are both soaked to the skin, and the air around here is definitely not as warm as it is on the surface. Ideally, I would make a fire in this situation, but is there any wood to be found in an underground cavern such as this?

My question gets immediately answered as I turn around and see a wooden cabin a few hundred feet from where we're standing. There's also a big pile of logs stacked up right in front of its door. How convenient.


[34] "I didn't see any levers," I say, as I squeeze the water out of my shirt. "The most I could find was a pillar with a spider shaped hole in it. Unless we find a spider shaped key of some sort, that elevator isn't going to be of much use to us. Let's head for the cabin. Maybe we'll find some flint or something to start a fire with."

Leila nods, and we both start to walk towards the cabin. There's something that's been bugging me about this wooden cabin since I first saw it. Unless there are some trees miraculously growing in these caverns somewhere, this cabin could not have been built by someone who got trapped in here before us. This means that it was most likely built by the same persons who designed the trap, or at least by people who know about it, and who can reach this place by some other means. The fact that there are a bunch of logs conveniently placed right next to the lake in which we fell makes me believe that this was done intentionally. Why would they go out of their way to make things more comfortable for us? Is this their way of granting us our last wish, before they send the beasts to kill us?

As we reach the cabin, I go inside carefully, making sure that there are no traps. The cabin doesn't have any fireplace or chimney, but there's some firewood inside, and also some flint. I take the firewood and the flint outside, and then I take some of the dried up moss from the cave's walls to provide a bit of kindling. Once we've set up the fire, Leila and I sit ourselves down next to it, trying to get as close to the heat as we can.


[35] Leila shakes her head.

"No," she writes. "I was one of the failed experiments. The reason why my hair is silver is because it lost its color gradually, as a side-effect of the several years in which they experimented on me, trying to make me into a mage. My hair used to be pitch black."

"Oh, gods," I say. "Is this also the reason why you lost your voice?"

"No," Leila writes. "I was born this way. And I was given hell because of it. I don't remember much from when I was little, but I do remember what the other lessathi used to say about me. They said that I wasn't a real lessathi. They said that the lessathi are a pure race that cannot have any birth defects, and they suspected that the reason why I was born a mute was because I was in fact a half-lessathi. I think that even the person that I once used to call my father had doubts about me. He never seemed to consider me his real child, and he always used to blame my mother for dying, and for leaving him to care for her daughter. That's probably why he didn't think twice when they asked if any of the lessathi who worked at the Beacon were willing to volunteer their children for experimentation."

"Wait, you just said that you used to call him your father," I say. "But you said yesterday that the reason why you were brought here was because you saved your father from slavery. This person you saved... is he someone other than your natural father?"


[36] "If you're talking about the orphanage that was experimenting with creating artificial mages, then yes, I've heard of it," I say. "Were you one of the lessathi who worked there?"

Leila shakes her head.

"No," she writes. "I was one of the failed experiments. The reason why my hair is silver is because it lost its color gradually, as a side-effect of the several years in which they experimented on me, trying to make me into a mage. My hair used to be pitch black."

"Oh, gods," I say. "Is this also the reason why you lost your voice?"

"No," Leila writes. "I was born this way. And I was given hell because of it. I don't remember much from when I was little, but I do remember what the other lessathi used to say about me. They said that I wasn't a real lessathi. They said that the lessathi are a pure race that cannot have any birth defects, and they suspected that the reason why I was born a mute was because I was in fact a half-lessathi. I think that even the person that I once used to call my father had doubts about me. He never seemed to consider me his real child, and he always used to blame my mother for dying, and for leaving him to care for her daughter. That's probably why he didn't think twice when they asked if any of the lessathi who worked at the Beacon were willing to volunteer their children for experimentation."


[37] "They did," Leila writes. "That's why we were forced to live the next few years of our lives hiding in the woods of Varathia. At first, we would change our location once every few days, to make sure that they don't pick up our trail. But, after a few months, my father finally managed to obtain all the parts he needed to make a suggestion device. Suggestion spells are spells that can implant certain thoughts into the minds of people, and make them think that these thoughts are in fact their own. The device that my father made could cast a spell that would make people avoid an area, because every time they went near it, they would get a sudden urge to go around it."

"Oh, I know this spell!" I say. "I have a friend who uses it all the time."

"This spell allowed us to finally settle down in one place," Leila writes. "We built our own wooden cabin in the middle of the woods, near a river, and we even cultivated a garden. Some of the animals appeared to be immune to the suggestion spell, but they didn't seem to mind our presence. They even brought us food, on occasion."

"So, how did your father get captured, then?" I ask. "Did your suggestion spell malfunction?"


[38] "I'm sorry," I say, after I've made sure that the stat device still works, "I shouldn't have interrupted. You were about to tell me how your father got captured?"

"Yes," Leila writes. "You see, the thing is that even if the hunts for outcasts were prohibited, that did not mean that the old grudges had been forgotten. The lessathi who worked with my father at the Beacon had been meaning to punish him for a long time, but they couldn't do it openly. So what they did, eventually, was that they forged some documents, stating that my father had a huge debt to the owner of our house. They got the owner on their side, and he lied that we never paid our rent since we moved into his home. We didn't have any witnesses on our side, while the lessathi had all the witnesses and the fake documents that they needed to prove my father's guilt. Given that he couldn't pay his debt, my father was sold as a slave, to one of the nobles of Thilias. I escaped before they could sell me too, and I've been living on the outskirts of the city for months, trying to find a way to free him, but it wasn't until the beginning of the tournament that I got a chance to actually do it." 

As Leila stops talking, I suddenly realize that I've been asking her all these questions, but I never even bothered to tell her that I'm currently travelling with one of her old colleagues from the Beacon. Should I tell her, though? Kate never told me anything about Leila before. She's only mentioned Diane. Was this because she thought Leila was dead, or because she considered her an enemy, for being a lessathi? I'm not sure if I'd want to get this girl's hopes up, in case Kate never wants to see her.


[39] "Hey, you can't know that until you ask her!" I say. "I'm a lessathi too, and I'm still friends with her, remember?"

Leila does not answer, and she keeps looking away from me, as before.

"Alright, then," I say, as I get up from the ground. "It's settled! As soon as we get out of here, I'll call her on the transceiver, and we'll arrange a meeting between the two of you. Let's get going! Your clothes should have dried up by now, right?" 

Leila nods hesitantly, as she grabs my hand, and I help her up. We leave the fire behind, and we head towards the tunnels beyond the wooden cabin. For the next twenty minutes or so, we walk in silence through the underground caverns, using a long stick that I'd gotten from the cabin to test the ground for traps. In the areas that were completely dark, we had to rely on our stat devices to light the way before us, but luckily the glowing blue crystals that we'd seen before were also scattered throughout these tunnels, embedded into the walls, so we didn't have to worry about the lighting, most of the time.


[40] The dire wolves, the giant rats and the sabre-toothed tigers are all deadly, but in the end, they're not much more powerful than regular animals. Leila is already dealing with the harpies, which leaves me to choose between the gargoyles and the griffins. 

Griffins are creatures that have the bodies, tails and legs of lions, while their heads, wings, and talons are those of eagles. They can be a nuisance, but their main power lies in attacking from above, which would be difficult to do here, because of the relatively low ceiling. 

Gargoyles, on the other hand, also have other means of fighting, besides their aerial attacks. They could accurately be described as thinner ogres, with wings and horns, while their strength is comparable to that of the ogres as well. Even if their wings wouldn't be of much help here, they could still crush our bones with their bare hands if they got close enough to us.    

I decide that the gargoyles are by far the most dangerous of the bunch, so I pick a rock from the ground, and I throw it at one of their heads. 


[41] I step back, and I make sure that the angry gargoyle follows me. I let it attack me again, and I make use of my quick reflexes to counter attack at the very last second, stabbing it in the neck with my enchanted dagger. As I had hoped, the other two monsters are still trying to position themselves on opposite sides of me, in order to flank me. I don't give them the time to get into position, and I dash towards one of them, with my dagger at the ready. Its wings are a bigger and easier target to hit, so I step to the side, and slash at its left wing, before I move in for the kill. The gargoyle does not manage to recover from the pain in time, and I finish it off with one swift strike. The third gargoyle tries to take me by surprise by running towards me, but it was not fast enough, and I slit its throat before it could even extend its arm towards me.


[42] I do not wait for the other griffin to make its move, and I make a dash towards it, thrusting my dagger into its chest before it gets the time to react. As the beast falls on the ground, I quickly make my way towards the last of the griffins, which now has its back turned to me. I take advantage of this, and I slash both of its hind legs, in order to limit its mobility. When the creature falls on the ground, I waste no time, and I deliver the finishing blow to the back of its neck.


[43] No, no, no! This is stupid! What am I even thinking? Am I trying to get myself killed?

I try to get these thoughts out of my head, as I get closer to the griffin, and prepare to strike. The griffin is lying on its belly, with its front claws holding the dead rat, while using its beak to cut through the meat. It's still ignoring me.

Maybe it wouldn't hurt if I just climbed on its back real quick. It's not like I'm ever going to get another chance like this. And if things go bad, I'll just jump right off, and kill it with my dagger. There's nothing that can go wrong if I just give it one quick try, right?


[44] A griffin that was eating nearby saw what happened to its companion and is now slowly advancing towards me. I wait for it to get closer, but I do not give it the chance to strike, and I quickly stab it in the chest with my enchanted dagger. The beast suddenly stops moving, and it slowly falls towards the ground, with a blank stare on its face. 

Once again, the information from my notebook was on point. If I hadn't read those detailed diagrams explaining the griffins' anatomy yesterday, I would have never been able to pinpoint the location of this one's heart with such precision. Now to take care of the other two.

The remaining two griffins did not seem to pay much attention to what happened to their companions, and they're too busy enjoying their meals to see me slowly approaching them. I stab the first one in the back of the neck, while it was still eating. The second one sees what happened, and it tries to get up on its feet, but I react quickly, and I stab it in the heart, killing it instantly.


[45] We make our way to the end of the tunnel, and we both ready our daggers, while we advance into the next area of the caverns. As we now enter a much narrower tunnel, we can't help but notice that there are two wooden chairs near the entrance which seem to have been knocked over in a hurry, and that there is a bowl of fresh stew lying on the ground, untouched.

"Do you suppose that the guys who were sitting on these chairs are the ones who opened the cell doors?" I ask Leila.

"It's a possibility," Leila writes. "Either way, we should be expecting an ambush as soon as we exit this tunnel. Get ready!"


[46] "Throw down your weapons now, or you will be executed on the spot!" the troll says.

Before we get the chance to answer the trolls, I suddenly hear Flower's voice coming from behind the monsters.

"Somehow, I had a feeling that you would be the source of all this commotion," the voice says.

"Flower?" I ask.

As soon as I stop talking, a water whip comes out of nowhere, and it beheads all of the six trolls in a single swipe. After the trolls' bodies fall to the ground, I get a good look at Flower, and I see that her eyes are bright blue.

