
[1] 

[2] I look at the back of my transceiver and see that I am assigned the number 'two'. When we exchange our numbers, I learn that Kate was number three, Flower was four, and Hadrik was five.

"Alright," Daren says. "Now you all know your numbers. As an aside, if you ever need to communicate with transceivers that weren't enchanted by me, there's a small button next to the dial which you can use to switch to normal frequencies. I'll be using the transceiver with the number 'six'."

"What about number 'one'?" I ask.


[3] During this time, I used my transceiver to contact Rose, and to tell her that we wouldn't make it home in time for dinner tonight. She was shocked at first, but after she heard the whole story, she was relieved that we were at least given a chance to free ourselves. She then promised me that she will be there, in the audience, to cheer for us when the time comes.


[4] "That's nice," I tell him. "But I have a feeling that this isn't what you came here to talk to me about, is it?"

"No, it isn't," Wilhelm says. "What I wanted to tell you is that from what I've heard, in a few hours from now, the ambassador and the arena's owner should be discussing important matters about the organization of the arena events. The guards from this place have a habit of overhearing these types of conversations and they usually like to discuss them amongst themselves. Make sure you pay close attention to what they're saying when they're outside your cell. I will do the same. "

"I see," I say. "I'll keep that in mind."

"Alright," Wilhelm says. "That's all I wanted to tell you. I'll make sure to let you know if I hear anything. I hope you will do the same."

"Of course," I say.


[5] "What do you mean?" Wilhelm asks me, with a bit of apprehension in his voice.

"I mean that I'm going to give you a choice," I say. "I'm not sure why you'd want to kill me. I don't know if you've been hired, or if you have some personal reason for it. But in the end, you're just an assassin, you're not a fighter. In order to kill someone, you can't fight them head on. You need the element of surprise. Now, of course, you can still try to catch me off guard, but your problem will be that I'll know exactly what to expect. If you think that's worth the risk, then by all means, go ahead. If not, then I suggest you keep away from me until we're done with the arena."

"I understand," Wilhelm says, looking as if I'd taken all the wind out of his sails. "I won't bother you any longer."

He then turns to leave.


[6] The writing then disappears, and it is replaced by a new text, this time saying: "Is it true, what they say about you?"

"What do you mean?" I ask, looking at the girl. "What do they say about me?"

Just like before, the previous phrase is now being replaced by a new text, which says: "They say that the reason why you were brought here is because you attacked a noble. Is that true?"


[7] "After I freed my father," Leila continues, "I made him promise that even if I got captured, he'd go to Ollendor without me, and wait for me there. Ollendor is the only remaining city of Varathia where the lessathi hold no power. In Ollendor, we would be safe from them. But the city's guards caught me before I could get out of the city. I held them off until my father could escape, but I was already weakened from the previous battle, and I couldn't beat them all. In the end, they tied me up and sent me here. I arrived in this cell yesterday in the afternoon, not long before you made your appearance."     


[8] "Wait, you just said that you used to call him your father," I say. "But you said yesterday that the reason why you were brought here was because you saved your father from slavery. This person you saved... is he someone other than your natural father?"


[9] 