
[1] 

[2] "Arraka can cast dispelling magic from inside her amulet?..." Kate asks. "I thought the spells she could cast were very limited in her current state."

"Dispelling magic does not require a great deal of magical energy to cast," Illuna says. "Arraka's main problem while she's inside the amulet is that she can only store a very small amount of energy within her aura at any given moment, so the only way in which she can cast any reasonably powerful spells is to channel the energy outside the amulet for hours on end, without being interrupted by anyone. It's not like she suddenly forgot how to cast spells when she got trapped in there. She still has all of her knowledge. That's why she can cast complex spells like detailed holograms, targets made of solid light and dispelling magic but she can't manage to cast a simple explosion spell to break herself out of her amulet. It would take her three whole hours to channel the energy required to generate a small explosion, as opposed to the half hour or so she usually needs to dispel a trap."


[3] "Magical traps, huh?..." I say. "Damn, we could have really used Daren's help right about now. Does anyone else here even know how to disarm a trap?"

"I've tried my hand at disarming a few magical traps in the past," Breynan says. "But I will need to see these traps up-close before I can tell if my skills would be of use here or not."

"We still need to wait until Illuna wakes up before we can leave," Kate says. "We can't risk carrying her around while she is in her current condition. If we're not careful, her wound might re-open."

"I'm... already awake..." Illuna says in an exhausted tone, as she struggles to raise herself from the ground.

Her face is almost white and she looks as if she were only seconds away from fainting again. It is clear that she is expending a great amount of effort just to keep her consciousness.

"Illuna, you can't get up yet!" Kate says. "You need to rest!"


[4] After Breynan heals Leila's concussion that she got from hitting her head against the pavement earlier, we all begin to head in the direction that seems the most likely to lead us towards the surface. With Melindra's help, we manage to avoid the paths leading directly to magical traps for a while, although according to her own words, we will probably be forced to start disarming some of them rather soon.

While we're walking down the corridors, I suddenly hear a long beep coming from my pocket. I immediately realize that the sound is coming from my stat device and I take it out as quickly as I can, in order to get a good look at it. What I'm currently seeing on the screen is a text message, notifying me about the experimental stat activation and asking me if I want to see a quick introduction about what these stats can do.

It looks like I won't be able to see any of my stats until I answer the question on this screen.


[5] 'Aura Hardening stat - side notes,' the next page says. 'Some of our test subjects have also managed to use this stat offensively, by concentrating the aura hardening effect around their fists and then punching magic projectiles back at their casters. However, you are not advised to attempt such a technique in an uncontrolled environment, because we were unable to replicate these effects in a reliable manner.'

When I press the button on my device once more, the text for the third experimental stat appears on the screen.


[6] "Yes!" I say. "That's it! That's what I was trying to say!"

This must have been it... Her explanation makes perfect sense. I was just trying to make a joke. That's all it was...

"I figured it was something like that, but I didn't know about the new type of pet devices," Leila writes. "I'm glad that Melindra cleared it all up!"

"So, are we all done here?..." Breynan asks us. "Can we move on?"

"I... suppose..." Kate says, with a somewhat hesitant look in her eyes.

"Good," Breynan says. "I know that there are no enemies nearby, but I still don't feel comfortable staying too long in one place unless we really need to. Let's go!"

As we all move ahead one by one, I notice that Illuna is still staring at me with that serious expression that she always has and with her blue eyes shining brightly. When I look back at her, she does not turn her gaze from me at all and she just keeps looking me right in the eye, in complete silence. As I walk past her to go after the others, her gaze follows me for a few more seconds, but then she finally joins us as well, without saying a word.


[7] "Dispelling magic does not require a great deal of magical energy to cast," Illuna says. "Arraka's main problem while she's inside the amulet is that she can only store a very small amount of energy within her aura at any given moment, so the only way in which she can cast any reasonably powerful spells is to channel the energy outside the amulet for hours on end, without being interrupted by anyone. It's not like she suddenly forgot how to cast spells when she got trapped in there. She still has all of her knowledge. That's why she can cast complex spells like detailed holograms, targets made of solid light and dispelling magic but she can't manage to cast a simple explosion spell to break herself out of her amulet. It would take her three whole hours to channel the energy required to generate a small explosion, as opposed to the half hour or so she usually needs to dispel a trap."

"Well, Arraka is not here with us to help with the traps, so you're our best bet right now," I say. "You've seen her use the dispelling technique many times before, so you must know how it works by now, right?"

"Knowing how it works and being able to perform it successfully are two entirely different things..." Illuna says.


[8] "This is stupid," Breynan says, as he copies my movements while standing beside me, and he extends his arms towards the magic trap as well.

"Okay, now what you need to do is focus only on the movement of your hands," I say. "Don't visualize anything. Just pay close attention to your hands while you channel the magical energy around your fingertips like you normally would when casting the spell. Then make sure that you keep following the hands with your eyes while you move them in reverse, and the flow of magic will change by itself. Are you ready?"

"Sure, why not?" Breynan says, in an unconvinced tone.

"Okay, then," I say. "We'll do it on the count of three. One. Two. Three!"

Breynan and I both uncross our hands at the same time, then we bend our elbows and bring our arms back alongside our bodies to their original position. After he finishes his motions, Breynan just stands there for a few seconds in silence, as if he were still trying to understand what happened.

"By the gods, it actually worked..." Breynan says. "I can't believe it! Boy, how did you know about this?"

"I already told you," I say. "I'm the one who invented the technique."

"After showing me this, I might actually be inclined to believe you!" Breynan says. "Alright, everyone stand back. I'll have this trap disarmed in no time."


[9] "Palm facing down, elbow bent, got it!" Flower says, as she follows my instructions while looking straight ahead, without so much as even a glance in my direction.

"You don't need to memorize everything I say..." I tell her. "You can just look at what I'm doing and imitate my movements."

"You're right, sorry!" Flower says, as she turns her head towards me and begins staring at my arms with an extremely focused look in her eyes. "So, what's next?"

"Uh... now you need to do a circular motion with your left arm, while you rotate your right elbow so that it points to your right side."

When Flower tries to imitate me, she somehow gets the movements completely wrong and she ends up with her left elbow bent as well.

"Flower, that's not-- my arms didn't move like that," I say.

"I'm sorry!" Flower says, in a panicky voice. "Can you do it again? I'll get it right this time!"

"I think it would be better to start off again from the beginning," I say.

"Okay..." Flower says, as she puts her arms back down, while all her body looks completely stiff.

"Right, so with both of your knees slightly bent, you first put the arm on your left side in front like this," I say.

"Got it!" Flower says, as she tries to copy my movements again.


[10] She then begins to recreate the exact movements needed for the spell I was about to teach her, without making even a single mistake. Once she's done, she looks at me for a confirmation.
 
"Was that the spell you were trying to teach me?" Flower says.

"Uhm, yeah, it was exactly that," I say.

"Oh, I haven't been using movements to cast this spell in over ten years..." Flower says. "I just do it by controlling the flow of energy nowadays. But I'm surprised that you know one of my spells, Barry! I never wrote about it anywhere."

"Flower, I already told you," Illuna says. "This spell was first invented long before you were born. You just discovered it instinctively due to your ethereal nature. Anyway, I'll take it from here. I believe Flower should already know most of the spells required for this trap except maybe one or two. It will be faster if I just tell her which spells to use in reverse, than if you teach her the moves from scratch."

"Right, right..." I say. "Go ahead, then."

Just like Illuna said, it didn't take long for Flower to learn the rest of the spells and to start disarming the trap. Once she began the dispelling technique, I moved closer to her so that I could see if there were any fluctuations in the trap's aura that might have led to it getting triggered, but fortunately, despite Illuna's worries, Flower managed to keep control of her magic flow until the end. Once she was done, the energy radiating from the trap slowly disappeared, indicating that the trap had been successfully disarmed.


[11] Once Illuna closes the secret door behind us, she steps to the front of the group again and she starts walking towards the next room, which appears to be full of people, judging by what I can sense of their auras from here.

"I think you've already sensed this by now, but the room that we are about to enter is filled with mages," Melindra tells us in a low voice. "If they try to attack us when we walk out of here, I suggest that Kate blocks their way with a wall of ice and then we retreat back into the tunnels. By the time they'll figure out how to open the secret door, we'll already be--"

Melindra is suddenly interrupted by Flower, who just opened the door leading outside the room and let out a loud gasp, while covering her mouth with her hand.

"What happened?" Kate asks, as we all rush towards her. "Is it the royal guards?"

"No, it's not the royal guards," Flower says in a shaky voice, as she tries to control her body from trembling. "It's... It's..."

When we reach the door and we take a look inside the next room, we immediately understand why Flower was having such a hard time finding her words.


[12] "Did... this happen recently?" I ask him. "Is your daughter's name 'Alice', by any chance?"

"Yes!" the man shouts, somewhat excitedly. "That's her name! You've met her? Is she safe?"

"She is safe, for now," I say. "She's been looking for you."

"You have to take me to her!" the man says. "Please, you need to cut off these chains and set me free! I beg you!"

Kate, Leila and I exchange a look and then I walk forward, in order to get closer to the chains that are tied to the man's wrists. The chains don't look very strong. I'm pretty confident that my enchanted dagger should be able to slice through these as through butter.

I take my dagger out of its sheath and I hold it in my hand for a few seconds, considering my options, while the scream of a young boy echoes faintly in the distance.


[13] "Did... this happen recently?" I ask him. "Is your daughter's name 'Alice', by any chance?"

"Yes!" the man shouts, somewhat excitedly. "That's her name! You've met her? Is she safe?"

"She is safe, for now," I say. "She's been looking for you."

"You have to take me to her!" the man says. "Please, you need to cut off these chains and set me free! I beg you!"

Kate, Leila and I exchange a look and then I walk forward, in order to get closer to the chains that are tied to the man's wrists. The chains don't look very strong. I'm pretty confident that my enchanted dagger should be able to slice through these as through butter.

I take my dagger out of its sheath and I hold it in my hand for a few seconds, considering my options, while the scream of a young boy echoes faintly in the distance.

That scream... I've heard that scream before. And the rattling sound of the chains as well. I've heard them both in that premonition! The one I saw right before giving Leila's father my stat device. But if this is true, then the next thing that should happen is--

"Barry, wait! Don't do it!" I suddenly hear Melindra, shouting loudly in a panicked tone.


[14] "Then we could try to reach that room quickly, before any of the guards--" Kate starts to say, but Melindra interrupts her.

"We have absolutely no way of knowing where they might have placed the control room in this place," Melindra says. "And given the importance of that room, it is no doubt going to be very heavily guarded. We're all weakened after that last fight, and we don't even have all our team members here with us, let alone any of the rebels except Breynan. What we should be focusing on right now is finding a way out. This is no time to be playing hero."   

"No, no, no..." I say, as I frantically grab the severed chains and try to reattach them by hand. "There has to be some kind of way to bring him back. I was only trying to save him! He couldn't have died just like that! How am I going to tell that little girl that I killed her father after she begged me to save him?... I have to find some way to reverse--"

Before I get to finish my sentence, the metal container and all of the chains suddenly begin shining with a bright blue light, as the prisoners from the entire room start screaming in unison.


[15] "So you're just going to leave me here, then?" Alice's father says, with fear in his voice. "If you're just going to abandon me, then at least try cutting the chains! You can't know for sure that I'll die. You can't know! Oh no, I can feel the container activating itself again. Cut the chains! Cut the chains, quick before-- AAGHHH!"

Suddenly, the metal container and all of the chains begin shining with a bright blue light, as the prisoners from the entire room start screaming in unison.


[16] "I can't believe it!" Melindra says. "He's ignoring me again! Well, this time he won't get away with it!"

She then generates a small explosion of air right next to where Eiden was standing invisibly, but all this manages to accomplish is to slightly rock back and forth a few of the prisoners that were hanging from the ceiling in the vicinity, without having any visible effects on Eiden himself.

"Damn it!" Melindra says. "He's already gone!"

"Yeah, he probably just teleported here to give his speech, and now he went back to watching us from afar," I say. "I swear I'm going to pay him back for this once I figure out all those magic loopholes of his..."

"Forget about Eiden," Kate says. "We still don't know which way we need to go to find the exit. Or the control room..."


[17] We then hear a clicking noise coming from the voice magnifier, and the communications channel gets closed.

"Okay..." I say. "So I heard Billy Bob mentioning at the beginning of his announcement that the prisoners are situated 'below the tower'. Is it safe to assume that he was referring to one of the black towers from the four corners of the city?"

"Yes, we are almost certainly located below one of the black seredium towers," Breynan says. "Which means that the reason why Billy Bob had all these mages kidnapped over the last few years was so he could use that energy container over there to power up the 'drones', flying metal vehicles, giant golems and all the other technologically advanced lessathi-made artifacts from this city. It also means that if we try to get out of this place through the main door, we'll be greeted by a small battalion of guards, all equipped with anti-magic armor and magical artifacts. If we're going to escape from here, we'll need to reach a higher level of the tower and find a place where the seredium walls are thin enough to be able to contact Barry from the teleporter room."

"But the question is how will we get to the upper levels of the tower without running into any of the guards?..." I say.


[18] "Yes, we are almost certainly located below one of the black seredium towers," Breynan says. "Which means that the reason why Billy Bob had all these mages kidnapped over the last few years was so he could use that energy container over there to power up the 'drones', flying metal vehicles, giant golems and all the other technologically advanced lessathi-made artifacts from this city. It also means that if we try to get out of this place through the main door, we'll be greeted by a small battalion of guards, all equipped with anti-magic armor and magical artifacts. If we're going to escape from here, we'll need to reach a higher level of the tower and find a place where the seredium walls are thin enough to be able to contact Barry from the teleporter room."

"I thought we'd already agreed that we were going to the control room first," Kate says.

"No, we didn't," Melindra says. "Only you and Barry agreed. Have you two even thought about how we're supposed to evacuate all these prisoners when there are hundreds of guards waiting for us outside? Do these people look to you like they would be able to fight their own way out? Or even walk, for that matter?"

