
[1] 

[2] "I'm not sensing any other people in these tunnels, but then again it's somewhat hard to tell with all of this seredium surrounding us," Melindra says. "I can detect the auras of the people walking on the city streets directly above us, so the ceiling must not have a lot of seredium in it, but some of the seredium walls in this place are so thick that they are blocking my magical sense completely. One thing I can sense, however, is that there are quite a few magical traps scattered throughout these corridors. It looks like we're going to need to disarm at least some of them before we can get out of here."

"Magical traps, huh?..." I say. "Damn, we could have really used Daren's help right about now. Does anyone else here even know how to disarm a trap? Illuna, I'm pretty sure Flower mentioned that you two have been visiting lots of ruins in the past. Those ruins must have had traps in them, right? How did you get past them?"

"Most of the traps from the ruins were the old fashioned kind, so the girl would typically just use her acrobacy skills to escape unharmed," Illuna says. "In the few cases where we've encountered magical traps, we had to rely on Arraka to dispel them. Flower and I are both elementalists, so disarming anything other than the most basic of magical traps is a great challenge for us."


[3] "It's definitely not part of our territory," Breynan says. "That much is certain. I think we're likely still somewhere below the city, but I don't know if these tunnels are abandoned or if there are enemies lurking nearby. We need to stay alert."

"I'm not sensing any other people in these tunnels, but then again it's somewhat hard to tell with all of this seredium surrounding us," Melindra says. "I can detect the auras of the people walking on the city streets directly above us, so the ceiling must not have a lot of seredium in it, but some of the seredium walls in this place are so thick that they are blocking my magical sense completely. One thing I can sense, however, is that there are quite a few magical traps scattered throughout these corridors. We're going to need to disarm them before we get out of here."


[4] All of a sudden, Illuna conjures a bucket's worth of water above Leila's head and she drops it on her face, which causes her to jump up from the ground and to look all around the room, slightly panicked.

"What happened?" Leila writes, as she calms down a little. "Where are all the royal guard trainees?"

"They're still on the surface," Illuna says. "Meanwhile, we've been teleported to an unidentified underground tunnel by accident, and we're trying to find our way out. We'll explain more as we walk. Let's get moving."


[5] All of a sudden, Illuna conjures a bucket's worth of water above Leila's head and she drops it on her face, which causes her to jump up from the ground and to look all around the room, slightly panicked.

"What happened?" Leila writes, after she calms down a little. "Where are all the royal guard trainees?"

"They're still on the surface," Illuna says. "Meanwhile, we've been teleported to an unidentified underground tunnel by accident, and we're trying to find our way out. We'll explain more as we walk. Let's get moving."


[6] 'The Magical Sense stat is designed to improve your aura analysis skills,' the text on the screen says. 'Depending on how many points you invest in it, you should become able to detect auras from a much further distance than before, and your ability to discern the difference between subtle patterns in the flow of auras should also improve considerably. However, the results you will get from this stat will highly depend on your own aura reading abilities. If your magical sense is particularly weak, the effects may be less visible unless you invest a high enough amount of points into the stat.'

As I press the button on the right side of my device, I get a new text that describes another one of the aura stats.

'The Aura Hardening stat's main purpose is to increase your defensive capabilities against magical attacks,' the text says. 'It should not be used as a replacement for the Toughness or Reflexes stats, because the defense it offers against physical attacks is minimal. Our tests have shown the Aura Hardening stat to be the most effective against traditional elemental magic, but it should also be useful against artificially created elemental magic such as electricity, acid and ice. Please be aware that the Aura Hardening stat will not defend you against non-magical elements, so you should still dodge incoming projectiles if they weren't magically created out of thin air.'


[7] When I press on the 'next page' button one more time, I am shown one final text before I can proceed to my usual stat screen.

'This concludes the introduction of the experimental aura stats,' the text says. 'Pressing on the next page button will now return you to your stat screen. Don't forget that if you had any points invested into your stats before the activation you will need to reinvest them, as they have been reset.'

As soon as I press the button, the stat screen finally appears and I can see that my three new stats have been added right below the other stats, which are currently all at level zero. I'll have to think whether I want to start investing my points now, or if I should wait until later before I make my decision.


[8] When I press on the 'next page' button one more time, I am shown one final text before I can proceed to my usual stat screen.

'This concludes the introduction of the experimental aura stats,' the text says. 'Pressing on the next page button will now return you to your stat screen. Don't forget that if you had any points invested into your stats before the activation you will need to reinvest them, as they have been reset.'

As soon as I press the button, the stat screen finally appears and I can see that my three new stats have been added right below the other stats, which are currently all at level zero. I'm also noticing that I have an extra available point to spend. This must be the 'bonus' point that Leila's father said I would gain because of locking my stats by accident. The one that would cause me to gain one less point when I'll be getting my next batch. I'll have to think whether I want to start investing my points now, or if I should wait until later before I make my decision.


[9] Kate then begins to stare at me, but for some reason it doesn't feel like I'm the one being looked at. It feels like she's looking right through me. As if her eyes were searching for something else that she could not see. The look she has in her eyes right now is starting to give me the chills.

"Listen," Melindra tells Kate, as she puts a hand on her shoulder from behind. "I get what you're trying to say, but I'm not sensing any mind controlling magic coming from him, and if someone had cast a spell on him earlier we would have most certainly felt it. Besides, it's not like his joke was that much different from his usual ones. When he mentioned 'save slots', he was probably referring to those virtual pet devices that the gnomes modified recently to allow you to save your progress. And since we know from Arraka that those worlds we visited in the God of Time's ritual were practically alternate versions of our reality, Barry was probably comparing this situation to having multiple 'game saves'. He was trying to compare reality to a game, where he would use one of his 'saves' simply for the purpose of seeing if he can survive until the end as a completely average person. Barry, isn't that what you meant?"


[10] "Hmm," I say. "Is Breynan really the only one here who can disarm traps, though? Illuna, I'm pretty sure Flower mentioned that you two have been visiting lots of ruins in the past. Those ruins must have had traps in them, right? How did you get past them?"

"Most of the traps from the ruins were the old fashioned kind, so the girl would typically just use her acrobacy skills to escape unharmed," Illuna says. "In the few cases where we've encountered magical traps, we had to rely on Arraka to dispel them. Flower and I are both elementalists, so disarming anything other than the most basic of magical traps is a great challenge for us."

"Arraka can cast dispelling magic from inside her amulet?..." Kate asks. "I thought the spells she could cast were very limited in her current state."


[11] "But what if Illuna were to help you?" I say. "Do you think you might be able to handle it then?"

"I already told you that I'm not good at disarming magical traps," Illuna says. "Even if I were to try helping him, we still wouldn't get anywhere."


[12] "Well, as long as you know the motions for the original spells, all you need to do is reverse them," I say. "The only problem is that we still need to figure out the order in which these spells were cast..."

"You make it sound easy, but you forget that we are not Brinhorn," Illuna says. "The most I ever managed to get out of that 'butterfly' spell is a few drops of acid. Something like that would never be useful in combat."

"It doesn't need to be useful in combat..." I say. "You're only dispelling a trap. Just make sure that you do all your motions correctly, and you'll be fine."

"You're only saying all of this because you're not a mage," Breynan says. "You have no idea how hard it is to try and visualize each individual magical particle in your head before you reverse them. It takes an immense amount of concentration to do it even if you're already familiar with the spells."

"But you don't need to do any of that if you're already doing the motions!" I say. "The magical particle stuff is just something Brinhorn added as an extra step when he wrote the instructions because he typically prefers to not move his hands much when casting his spells. Look, it's really simple. Just follow my movements and you'll see what I'm talking about."

I then place both my arms in front of me and cross my hands while keeping all of my fingers as far apart from each other as possible, so that I can begin the motions required for the dispelling technique.


[13] "Listen," I tell Breynan and Illuna, "this technique is relatively safe when used by only one person, but if two people were to cooperate, it would get much more risky. If you guys don't synchronize your flows perfectly, you could risk triggering the trap and blowing us all to bits. There has to be some other way to deal with this."

"Breynan cannot disarm this trap on his own and neither can I," Illuna says. "Our only option is to work together, despite the risks."

"What if you tried to wake up Flower?" I say. "This trap is made up mostly of fire spells, so it should be right up her alley."

"Waking up Flower would be... a bad idea," Illuna says.

"Why?" I say. "Because you two are still fighting?"

"We are not fighting," Illuna says, stubbornly.

"Yes, you are," I say. "Flower is still calling you 'Illuna' instead of 'Petal', and she's always talking in that overly-serious tone, trying to imitate Kate's way of speaking."

"I don't... speak like that," Kate says in a low voice, looking slightly embarrassed.

"Anyway," I say to Illuna, "you need to make up with her already. Just tell her that you're sorry and move on."


[14] As I briefly walk beside her, I immediately notice that Illuna is breathing very heavily and that her walking is in fact a lot more uneven than she lets on. I could have sworn that she had already mostly recovered from her previous injury, but now that I get a closer look I'm beginning to think that she's only pretending to be fine in order to avoid getting us too worried. I really hope that she knows what she's doing.

"I'm not sure what that whole 'Brinhorn dispelling technique inventor' thing was about, but come take a look here," Breynan says, as he points at the empty air in front of him. "You see this weird flow that keeps going back and forth? This must be coming from an electricity spell of some kind, but I'm not familiar at all with it."

"It's not electricity, it's acid," Illuna says. "I recognize it because Arraka has taught me about this spell in the past, back when she was acting as my mentor."


[15] "I'm not sure what that whole 'Brinhorn dispelling technique inventor' thing was about, but come take a look here," Breynan says, as he points at the empty air in front of him. "You see this weird flow that keeps going back and forth? This must be coming from an electricity spell of some kind, but I'm not familiar at all with it."

"It's not electricity, it's acid," Illuna says. "I recognize it because Arraka has taught me about this spell in the past, back when she was acting as my mentor."


[16] "Uhh..." I say. "Well, I hate to break it to you, but when you said those things to Flower about needing to act more maturely, it definitely did sound like you had a problem with her usual behavior."

"That is absurd," Illuna says. "I never even used the word 'problem' when I was talking to her."

"Yeah, but it's not just about the words you use," I say. "It's also about the way you say those words, and the tone of your voice, and-- okay, you know what? Never mind. I'll see if I can talk to Flower about this whole thing later. But right now, we could really use her help. Can't you just forget about your little feud with her for a moment and cooperate with her only for a bit?"

"I already told you," Illuna says. "I am not going to wake Flower up."

"Really?" I say. "Just because you're having a little argument with her?"

"It's not because of the argument," Illuna says. "Flower's way of casting magic is different from most other mages. She casts the majority of her spells instinctively, due to the fact that she is an ethereal. You base your assumption of the trap not getting accidentally triggered on the fact that people generally keep their flow stable when they cast these types of spells, but that is not the case for Flower. If we're going to risk triggering the trap either way, then I'd rather take my chances with Breynan."


[17] "Flower, we'll explain the situation to you later," I say. "For now, we need you to help us disarm this trap. It is made only of fire spells, so you should be able to do the dispelling naturally as long as you simply copy my movements and say the correct incantations. Can you help us?"

"Uh... I think so..." Flower says, not looking very sure of herself.

"Alright," I say. "For starters, let's practice the movements. Just do what I'm doing and you'll be fine."

Flower nods anxiously and she places herself beside me, preparing to imitate my motions.

"Okay, so the first thing you're going to need to do is slightly bend your knees in order to make sure that the flow of energy remains stable," I say.

"Bend my knees," Flower repeats after me. "Got it."

When Flower does what I said, I realize that her knees are both trembling and that she is for some reason looking even more anxious than before.

"Is... umm... is everything alright?" I ask Flower.

"Of course!" Flower says, in a somewhat shaky voice. "Why would you need to ask? Just tell me what to do next!"

"Right..." I say. "So, what you need to do now is put your left arm in front of you with the palm facing down, while keeping your right arm alongside your body with its elbow bent."


[18] "I was really starting to panic when Illuna wouldn't say anything," Flower says. "I didn't realize that you two had a discussion about this before I woke up."

"So, Illuna's been acting as your own private coach inside your mind for the past twenty years, then?" I say.

"Well, not always, but she helps out a lot," Flower says. "And in return, I try to help her when she needs to talk to people. Like, I tell her what's okay to say and what's not, so that she doesn't upset anyone by mistake. She can be really blunt at times..."

"Wow, I did not realize that you two were so dependent on each other," I say. "Sorry about that. I guess I shouldn't have insisted on teaching Flower the spells by myself."

"Oh, right, the spell!" Flower says, and then she begins to execute the movements that she learned from me in a flawless manner.

"Alright, so it was bent knees, left arm front, right elbow bent, then rotate the left arm and right elbow and... hey, wait a minute!" Flower says. "I recognize these movements! These are the same motions that I needed for an old spell of mine, except in reverse! So, if I'm not mistaken, the next moves should be something like this..."


[19] Once all their preparations are complete, Illuna and Breynan finally begin their synchronous dispelling technique, as the rest of us watch them with bated breath.

For the first few spells, everything goes smoothly. Both Illuna and Breynan are executing their movements perfectly, and the trap is reacting exactly how it should. After their fourth spell, however, I can already see a change in Illuna's breathing. It's fine. Everything will be fine. As long as she keeps her concentration, she should be able to--

I don't get the time to finish my train of thought, as a slight break in Illuna's concentration causes her to lose control over her magic flow, which immediately triggers the trap in front of her. None of us get the time to react and before we even know it, the explosion from the trap envelops us all, killing us in a matter of seconds.


[20] "There was a very subtle trembling in the aura that I could detect thanks to my magical sense stat," I say. "I don't think your two flows were synchronized enough. You should try slowing down your movements when you're doing the dispelling. That should help with your focus."

"Slow down the movements?..." Breynan says. "But the motions need to be done at a certain speed in order for the spells to have any effect!"

"Again, it doesn't matter if your spells wouldn't normally have an effect, since you're only dispelling a trap," I say. "The motions will still be correct even if you perform them at a slower pace. Try doing what I said and you'll see what I mean."

"Very well," Illuna says. "Let us start over, then."

Breynan and Illuna begin dispelling the trap once more, at a much slower pace. I make sure to study the trap's aura very closely while they're doing the casting, but I'm not seeing any trembling this time around. Eventually, they manage to reach the very last spell without any problems and the magical energy radiating from the trap slowly disappears, indicating that the trap has been successfully disarmed.


[21] We all follow Melindra for around ten more minutes or so through the maze-like corridors, until she suddenly stops in front of an empty black cavern wall and she begins to study it closely. We quickly realize that this was the secret door she was talking about earlier, so we approach the area as well and try to look for clues that might help us open the hidden passage.

"Step aside," Illuna tells us. "I've seen Fyron opening secret underground tunnel doors more than enough times to know that you're doing it all wrong. Let me see if I can remember how he does it..."

She then goes near the black cavern wall and she knocks on it two times, while directing some of her magical energy into its seredium surface. Reacting to her touch, the wall slowly retracts inside the tunnel behind it, and then it slides to the side, leaving enough space for several people to enter the secret corridor at once. As Melindra has guessed, the passageway leads directly to a set of stairs made of stone, which are heading in an upwards direction, presumably towards the surface.

"Nicely done!" Melindra says. "Let's see where this leads, then."


[22] There sure seem to be a lot of crystals and seredium rocks underneath Varathia. I wonder if they are in any way connected to all the peculiar stuff happening on this continent, like the talking animals, the mythical creatures and the fact that this is the 'only place' on the earthen plane where you can access the Magium, according to Arraka. Maybe I'll ask her about these things after we get back.

We stay perfectly quiet while we climb up the stairs, in order to not give away our position in case anyone is waiting for us at the other end of this tunnel. According to Melindra, the wall on the other side has an unusually large concentration of seredium in it, which makes it almost impossible to sense anything beyond it. However, this also means that the enemy should not be able to sense us approaching either, which gives us the element of surprise.

As soon as we reach the wall at the end of the stairs, Illuna gives us a signal to get ready, and then she knocks lightly on the secret door like before, causing it to slide away and to make way for us to exit the tunnel. To our disappointment, the stairs did not in fact lead us to the surface, but to yet another underground room, although this one seems less like a natural cavern and more of a man-made cellar with a rather high ceiling. This particular room that we ended up in seems to be some sort of closet, because there are a lot of buckets filled with water in here, along with some wet rags that have probably been recently used to wipe the floors.


[23] There sure seem to be a lot of crystals and seredium rocks underneath Varathia. I wonder if they are in any way connected to all the peculiar stuff happening on this continent, like the talking animals, the mythical creatures and the fact that this is the 'only place' on the earthen plane where you can access the Magium, according to Arraka. Maybe I'll ask her about these things after we get back.

We stay perfectly quiet while we climb up the stairs, in order to not give away our position in case anyone is waiting for us at the other end of this tunnel. According to Melindra, the wall on the other side has an unusually large concentration of seredium in it, which makes it almost impossible to sense anything beyond it. However, this also means that the enemy should not be able to sense us approaching either, which gives us the element of surprise.

As soon as we reach the wall at the end of the stairs, Illuna gives us a signal to get ready, and then she knocks lightly on the secret door like before, causing it to slide away and to make way for us to exit the tunnel. To our disappointment, the stairs did not in fact lead us to the surface, but to yet another underground room, although this one seems less like a natural cavern and more of a man-made cellar with a rather high ceiling. This particular room that we ended up in seems to be some sort of closet, because there are a lot of buckets filled with water in here, along with some wet rags that have probably been recently used to wipe the floors.


[24] Towards the center of the room there are some tables made out of metal on which a few other people are lying on their backs, who seem somewhat more alive than the ones hanging from the ceiling, although not by much. These men also have chains tied to their wrists, but in their case the chains are linked directly to the metal container, not to the ceiling. As we're approaching them, Melindra stops to look at one of the chains that are holding the prisoners suspended from the ceiling.

"These chains..." Melindra says. "Something about them feels... familiar..."

While Melindra is still looking at the chains, one of the prisoners on the metal tables calls out to us in a feeble voice.

"Who are you?..." the man says. "I've never seen you here before. Are you the new cleaners?"

"No," I say, as I get closer to him. "We don't work here. We stumbled into this place by accident."

"You're... you're not with them?..." the man says. "Please, you have to help me! These people who trapped us here... they are using us like cattle. Milking us dry of our energy to feed this machine.  My boy and I, we did nothing wrong! We were just taken from our homes one night without being given any reason. I don't even know where they took him. And I don't know if anything happened to my wife and daughter after that. Please, I need to know if they are safe... I need to get out of here!"


[25] "But there's a way to reverse this, right?..." I ask her helplessly, even though I already know the answer she's going to give me. "A way to reattach the chains and to bring this man back to life?..."

"I'm afraid not," Melindra says. "This metal seems to be a heavily modified version of the old prototypes that Billy Bob used to play with the last time I was here, which is why it took me so long to recognize it, but the basic principles should be the same. Once you've cut off the connection by force, there is no way to undo the damage. The only way in which any of the people from this room are ever going to be free is if we find the control room and deactivate these chains from there."

"What if we tried to destroy the metal container?" Leila writes. "Would that not have the same effect as deactivating the chains?"

"If you try to destroy that energy-filled container, it's going to cause an explosion large enough to kill every single person in this room, including us," Melindra says, as she drops the chain from her hand. "Like I said before, deactivating the chains from the control room is the only way to free the prisoners."


[26] "What if we tried to destroy the metal container?" Leila writes. "Would that not have the same effect as deactivating the chains?"

"If you try to destroy that energy-filled container, it's going to cause an explosion large enough to kill every single person in this room, including us," Melindra says, as she drops the chain from her hand. "Like I said before, deactivating the chains from the control room is the only way to free the prisoners."

"Then we could try to reach that room quickly, before any of the guards--" Kate starts to say, but Melindra interrupts her.

"We have absolutely no way of knowing where they might have placed the control room in this place," Melindra says. "And given the importance of that room, it is no doubt going to be very heavily guarded. We're all weakened after that last fight, and we don't even have all our team members here with us, let alone any of the rebels except Breynan. What we should be focusing on right now is finding a way out. This is no time to be playing hero."   


[27] "What's the matter?" Eiden says, with the same serious tone in his voice as before. "Didn't you say that you were going to save every person in Varathia despite your lack of powers? Well, I've given you the opportunity. What are you waiting for?"

All of a sudden, Melindra gasps loudly, and she points in the direction of EIden's voice, even if we still can't see him.

"It was you!" Melindra says loudly, while she points at Eiden. "You're the one who led us here from the underground tunnels! That's why your aura seemed so familiar. You were just masking it so I couldn't recognize you from afar!"

"What will happen first, I wonder?" Eiden continues to address me, while ignoring Melindra. "Will your resolve eventually break when you'll finally understand just what exactly you've gotten yourself into? Or will you be able to achieve the impossible, like you've claimed? Regardless of what happens, I hope you will continue to keep me entertained. Do not disappoint me."


[28] "Let him wait," Billy Bob says. "I have an important experiment that I must finish first. I will visit him after I'm done."

"Could you not at least have one of your droons notify him that you will be late?" the servant says. "I'm certain that there should be at least one of them close enough to--"

"For the last time, they are called DRONES!" Billy Bob says. "Drones, not droons! How is this so hard for you to remember?!"

"Ooooh," Melindra says. "So that's what they were called!"

"Shhh!" I say. "I'm trying to listen."

"Alright, fine, I will send one of the drones," Billy Bob says. "Maybe that will shut you up so I can continue my work. Unit number three hundred six, please escort this man outside of my workshop. Then find the drone that is closest to the palace and inform the king that I'm going to be at least two hours late. Now where was I? Oh right, I was making an announcement and forgot the channel open. But did I finish the announcement?... Eh, who cares? I'm going back to work."


[29] "Could you not at least have one of your droons notify him that you will be late?" the servant says. "I'm certain that there should be at least one of them close enough to--"

"For the last time, they are called DRONES!" Billy Bob says. "Drones, not droons! How is this so hard for you to remember?!"

"Ooooh," Melindra says. "So that's what they were called!"

"Shhh!" I say. "I'm trying to listen."

"Alright, fine, I will send one of the drones," Billy Bob says. "Maybe that will shut you up so I can continue my work. Unit number three hundred six, please escort this man outside of my workshop. Then find the drone that is closest to the palace and inform the king that I'm going to be at least two hours late. Now where was I? Oh right, I was making an announcement and forgot the channel open. But did I finish the announcement?... Eh, who cares? I'm going back to work."

We then hear a clicking noise coming from the voice magnifier, and the communications channel gets closed.

"Okay..." I say. "So I heard Billy Bob mentioning at the beginning of his announcement that the prisoners are situated 'below the tower'. Is it safe to assume that he was referring to one of the black towers from the four corners of the city?"


[30] 