
[1] 

[2] "There are no traps inside the wall between the two corridors as far as I know," Flower says.

"It's okay, Hadrik," Kate says. "Feel free to smash the wall to your heart's content."

"Roger!" Hadrik says, with a grin, as he punches the wall with all of his might.

We then make our way through the hole in the wall, and we enter the beetle corridor, just as planned. 

After a few minutes of walking through the corridor, we finally start to see some light at the end of the tunnel. 

"This is it!" Flower says, excited, as she points towards the exit. "I remember this part! Once we're past that door, nothing will stand between us and the control room! I told you we'd make it there safely! Come on, follow me!"


[3] "That is to say... If, uh... If everyone else is also okay with this."

"There are no traps inside the wall between the two corridors as far as I know," Flower says.

"It's okay, Hadrik," Kate says. "Feel free to smash the wall to your heart's content."

"Roger!" Hadrik says, with a grin, as he punches the wall with all of his might.

We then make our way through the hole in the wall, and we enter the beetle corridor, just as planned. 

After a few minutes of walking through the corridor, we finally start to see some light at the end of the tunnel. 

"This is it!" Flower says, excited, as she points towards the exit. "I remember this part! Once we're past that door, nothing will stand between us and the control room! I told you we'd make it there safely! Come on, follow me!"


[4] The magical power coming from her is like nothing I've ever witnessed before. I haven't even felt so much pressure when I was in the presence of Azarius. The hopelessness I'm feeling right now can only be compared with the feeling I got when we first met Eiden. Are we all just going to die like this, without even getting a chance to offer the slightest amount of resistance?

"Eleya, wait!" the girl says, as she puts herself between us and the spirit fox. "You can't hurt them! They're not bad people!"

"Do not stand in my way, Flower," the fox says. "These people broke our sacred rules, and they must be punished."

"Yeah, but can't you like, give them a slap on the wrist or something?"

"I am not going to have you question our methods or our punishments, little girl. You may have helped us in the past, but if you insist on defending these criminals, I will not hesitate to execute you along with them."

"Ooooooh! You are always so stubborn!" the girl says, as her eyes turn a bright red, and her magical aura starts to radiate strongly from her body. "Fine! If you want a fight, I'll give you your fight! Get ready, Petal!"


[5] "Aye!" Hadrik says, grinning. "But even with my power, I still can't smash the collar around my neck. These blasted contraptions seem to be near indestructible. Now I was checking to see if the walls are as durable as the collars, but it looks like they're just made up of regular stones. I should be able to break through them without any problem!"


[6] "You can read ancient languages, right? Can you tell me what this says?"

"Hmm..." Rose says, as she looks at the text and furrows her eyebrows. "I'm afraid that this is a bit too advanced for me. I can tell that it's written in the language used by the lessathi of old, but I cannot understand any of the words."

"Barry," Daren says, "didn't that trinket of yours have a stat named 'ancient languages'? Come over here and see if you can translate this!"


[7] Flower seems to have been caught off guard by Daren's question.

"Did I say 'we'?" she asks. "I'm sorry, I meant to say 'I'. I was doing some training in the room above. No 'we'. Just 'I'."


[8] Flower panics and she closes the amulet, shutting the voice up, but the harm had already been done. As I analyze her magical aura in detail, I realize that it's in fact a lot more powerful than it seems, and that she's willfully suppressing it in order to make it seem like that of a normal human. But is she an actual banshee, or another artificial mage like Kate? There's something off about her aura... I can't tell exactly what. It feels almost as if she has two distinct magical auras around her, one that gives off an outworldly vibe, and one that doesn't. It's as if both the girl and the banshee that possessed her are somehow coexisting in the same body, as two separate entities. But that's impossible... Isn't it?


[9] Flower panics and she closes the amulet, shutting the voice up, but the harm had already been done. As I analyze her magical aura in detail, I realize that it's in fact a lot more powerful than it seems, and that she's willfully suppressing it in order to make it seem like that of a normal human. But is she an actual banshee, or another artificial mage like Kate? There's something off about her aura... I can't tell exactly what. It feels almost as if she has two distinct magical auras around her, one that gives off an outworldly vibe, and one that doesn't. It's as if both the girl and the banshee that possessed her are somehow coexisting in the same body, as two separate entities. But that's impossible... Isn't it?


[10] Flower panics and she closes the amulet, shutting the voice up, but the harm had already been done. As I analyze her magical aura in detail, I realize that it's in fact a lot more powerful than it seems, and that she's willfully suppressing it in order to make it seem like that of a normal human. But is she an actual banshee, or another artificial mage like Kate? There's something off about her aura... I can't tell exactly what. It feels almost as if she has two distinct magical auras around her, one that gives off an outworldly vibe, and one that doesn't. It's as if both the girl and the banshee that possessed her are somehow coexisting in the same body, as two separate entities. But that's impossible... Isn't it?


[11] "Yeah, I've seen a banshee awaken before, remember? That doesn't, however, change the fact that this banshee has already awakened, in spite of all that, since she is clearly no longer in a dormant state. Why don't you try your purification technique on her if you don't believe me?"

"Hmph..." Daren says. "I was going to do that anyway."

