
[1] 

[2] "So, as I was saying," Melindra says, "there is something that I would like to ask of you. The reason why I went to watch you in the arena was because I heard that you got convicted for killing a noble from Varathia, so I thought--"

"Hold on a second, there..." Hadrik interrupts her. "You're a stillwater?"

"Why, yes..." Melindra says, confused. "I thought that much would have been obvious by now. Even Arraka said earlier that--"

"But how did you become one?" Hadrik asks. "Did you get born this way? Can women be born as stillwaters?"


[3] "If you want our help, then how about letting us down first?" Kate asks her. "This is no way to treat someone whom you're trying to ask for a favor."

Melindra is now looking at Kate with a pouting expression on her face that could rival Flower's, when she's upset. After a few seconds of silence, the stillwater girl waves one of her hands, and we all slowly start to descend towards the ground.

It's funny. This girl may well have the power to crush us with a single flick of her fingers, but her demeanor makes her feel like one of the least threatening persons I've met in my life. Perhaps even less threatening than Flower, or the ambassador of Ollendor.

"There!" Melindra says, once her levitation spell gets completely cancelled. "You're all back on the ground. Now, can I continue from where I left off, or are you planning to interrupt me with even more questions?"


[4] "Then how did you manage to attack that noble?" Melindra says. "Wasn't Eiden the one who gave you the power to do it?"

"It was indeed," Kate says.

"So, why did he do it, if you aren't his friends?" Melindra says.

"You seem to have known Eiden for a while," Kate says. "Do you really think that he needs a logical reason for everything that he does? Or for anything at all, really?"

"Well..." Melindra says. "I mean... not recently... but if you really aren't his friends, I must say I am quite surprised that he left you alive..." 

"Aren't we all?" Kate says.

"So, what was it that you wanted to ask of us?" Daren says.


[5] "It was indeed," Kate says.

"So, why did he do it, if you aren't his friends?" Melindra says.

"You seem to have known Eiden for a while," Kate says. "Do you really think that he needs a logical reason for everything that he does? Or for anything at all, really?"

"Well..." Melindra says. "I mean... not recently... but if you really aren't his friends, I must say I am quite surprised that he left you alive..." 

"Aren't we all?" Kate says.

"So, what was it that you wanted to ask of us?" Daren says.


[6] "Go on," Melindra says, with a smile. "Take it! You'll understand why you'll need my help soon enough."

As Daren takes the seed from the stillwater girl's hand, the bright yellow glow fades completely, and the seed does not light back up no matter how much Daren moves it between his palms.

"As you can see," Melindra says, with a victorious smile, "a glowing pinecone's seeds will not light up for just anyone. They only resonate with auras that have an extremely high amount of magical power in them. If we're talking about contestants from the mage tournament, I doubt that anyone other than the four sages would have enough magical power for a pinecone to start glowing in their hands. You'd need pure blind luck to discover a glowing pinecone if you can't even make them glow when you touch them. If you don't believe me, you can pass that pinecone seed between yourselves. I guarantee you that none of you will be able to make it glow."


[7] "Oh, no!" Hadrik shouts. "No way! We only just got out of there a few days ago, and now we need to go back? What is wrong with these organizers? It's like they don't want anyone to actually win this damn tournament!"

"So," Kate says, "if you're not going to give us a pinecone, and you aren't volunteering to guide us through the sacred forests either, what is it that you are trying to offer us, exactly?"

"Information!" Melindra says, smiling. "There is a device that has been made specifically to resonate with these pinecones, and it can make them glow without requiring a high amount of magical power, as long as you are close enough to them. It is a very rare device, but I know someone who has it, and I can lead you to them, after you help me with my goal. I can't tell you who this person is, but I am quite certain that I can convince them to lend you the device for a few days, which should be more than enough for you to find a pinecone."


[8] "You want us to assassinate one of the kings of Varathia?" Hadrik asks, shocked. "Are you out of your mind? We've been put in an arena just for killing a noble, and you now want us to kill a king?"

"Oh, don't worry," Melindra says. "Ollendor never participated in the organization of this tournament. Nobody wants to talk to them. Even Golmyck is less hated by the other kings than the king of Ollendor. I assure you that none of the organizers would bat an eye if you were to raise a ruckus in his kingdom. The only reason why they threatened you with your disqualification from the mage tournament after killing the earl of Ollendor was because you were within the borders of Thilias when you murdered him. If you were to start going on a rampage in Ollendor, I very much doubt that anyone would give a damn. Well, except for the local authorities, of course."

"I'm uh... not sure what to say about this," I say.

"She's telling the truth," Leila writes. "Ollendor is something of a rogue kingdom these days. Neither the lessathi nor the other kings have any influence anymore on what happens within their borders. Everyone pretty much ignores them, and many of the kingdoms have already kicked their ambassadors out of their territories. This is why my father went there, after he escaped from Thilias. Because it's a kingdom where nobody would be able to find him."


[9] "And what guarantee do we have that you'll fulfill your promise, once we've completed our task?" Daren asks. "Hell, what guarantee do we even have that you won't start acting like Eiden, and try killing us off for fun, in the middle of our journey? We already know that you've worked with him in the past."

"Oh, for crying out loud!" Melindra shouts, exasperated. "If you're so worried about my motives, then why don't you force me to take an oath? You're an enchanter, aren't you? Just make me swear that I'll fulfill my end of the bargain and that I won't try to hurt you, and we can be done with this."

"An enchanter's oath?" Daren asks her. "Are you serious? You do know that you'll die if you break such an oath, right?"

"Yes, of course I know that!" Melindra says.

"And you would want us to also make an oath that we won't bring harm to you during our journey?" Daren asks.

"Oh, no, you don't need to do that," Melindra says. "It's not like you could do anything against me, anyway."

"Huh..." Daren says.

He then turns towards us.


[10] "You are forgetting," Illuna says, "that the condition for passing this round is to bring the pinecones to the city of Galamir. This means that the sages can still be attacked on their way to the city, and the pinecones can be stolen from them. So, if you are strong or resourceful enough to be able to take an item from a sage, you can still pass to the next round, even if you don't have sufficient power to make the pinecone glow. Plus, you also have the option to join the team of one of the sages, if they accept you. In other words, there's more than one way to pass this round, but they all require dealing with the sages somehow. If you want to avoid the sages, then the pinecone detector will likely be your best option."

"Well, I don't know about you guys," I say, "but I'm personally looking forward to causing a little mayhem in the homelands of the ambassador of Ollendor. It would feel pretty good to finally get some payback after all he's put us through in the arena. And besides, Ollendor is practically going to become Leila's new home, soon, so we may as well do some cleaning up before she moves in."

Leila looks a little taken aback by my last comment. I think this is the first time when she actually realizes that she won't need to part ways with us, now that the arena is over.

"You will be coming with us to Ollendor, right?" I ask her.

"Yes!" Leila writes, smiling happily. "Yes, of course!"


[11] "Well... okay, I guess..." Daren says, as he puts one of his hands over the sword, and the white light begins to flicker.

"Wait, wait, hold on!" Melindra says.

"Seriously?" Daren says. "I barely managed to cancel the vow in time. What is it?"

"Can I change the word 'harm' to 'inflict serious injuries'?" Melindra says. "I wouldn't want to get killed for patting someone on the back."

"This is an enchanter's oath!" Daren says. "When you say harm, it's going to actually mean harm. Patting someone on the back or smacking them over the head is out of the question. And besides, you'll get ample warning if the spell considers that you are crossing the line. You won't be able to trigger it accidentally."

"Oh," Melindra says. "Well, in that case, carry on."

As soon as Daren is done confirming the first vow, he urges Melindra to continue with her second vow.

"Okay, uh..." Melindra says. "I swear that as soon as you kill the king of Ollendor, I will begin leading you towards the person who has the pinecone detector that I told you about earlier, and I will not take any breaks unless you specifically ask me to. I also swear that as soon as I'm done leading you to this person, I will not rest until the device is safely in your hands."


[12] "Listen," Melindra says, while pointing her finger at Daren. "If we're all just going to keep doubting each other, we won't get anywhere. Just accept the vow, will you?"

"Well... okay, I guess..." Daren says, as he puts one of his hands over the sword, and the white light begins to flicker.

"Wait, wait, hold on!" Melindra says.

"Seriously?" Daren says. "I barely managed to cancel the vow in time. What is it?"

"Can I change the word 'harm' to 'inflict serious injuries'?" Melindra says. "I wouldn't want to get killed for patting someone on the back."

"This is an enchanter's oath!" Daren says. "When you say harm, it's going to actually mean harm. Patting someone on the back or smacking them over the head is out of the question. And besides, you'll get ample warning if the spell considers that you are crossing the line. You won't be able to trigger it accidentally."

"Oh," Melindra says. "Well, in that case, carry on."

As soon as Daren is done confirming the first vow, he urges Melindra to continue with her second vow.

"Okay, uh..." Melindra says. "I swear that as soon as you kill the king of Ollendor, I will begin leading you towards the person who has the pinecone detector that I told you about earlier, and I will not take any breaks unless you specifically ask me to."


[13] Seeing the girl up-close, I can't help but notice that she has a rather cute face, which is nicely complemented by her light-brown hair that she wears in a high ponytail. The pajama-like clothes that she is wearing in broad daylight may look a bit ridiculous at first sight, but unlike Eiden's clothes, the ones that Melindra is wearing seem to have been chosen with a bit more care, from an aesthetical point of view. Also, unlike regular pajamas, while these clothes definitely look comfortable to move in, they also seem to have been designed to fit in a way that highlights the slim frame of her body and the shape of her breasts.

"Hmm..." Melindra says again, this time bringing her face much closer to mine, with the same pondering look in her eyes, as she strokes her chin with her right hand.


[14] "The dwarf was a giant?..." Leila writes, surprised, but we are all too focused on the stillwater girl to pay attention to her writing.

Melindra starts heading towards me, with her eyebrows furrowed in concentration, and she stops less than one foot away from me, studying me closely.

"Hmm..." Melindra says, with a pondering look, as she studies me from head to toe.

Seeing the girl up-close, I can't help but notice that she has a rather cute face, which is nicely complemented by her light-brown hair that she wears in a high ponytail. The pajama-like clothes that she is wearing in broad daylight may look a bit ridiculous at first sight, but unlike Eiden's clothes, the ones that Melindra is wearing seem to have been chosen with a bit more care, from an aesthetical point of view. Also, unlike regular pajamas, while these clothes definitely look comfortable to move in, they also seem to have been designed to fit in a way that highlights the slim frame of her body and the shape of her breasts.

"Hmm..." Melindra says again, this time bringing her face much closer to mine, with the same pondering look in her eyes, as she strokes her chin with her right hand.


[15] "You stillwaters sure like being cryptic, don't you?" I ask her.

Melindra smiles, but she does not answer my rhetorical question.

"Still, I'm surprised that you managed to get hold of a stat device," Melindra says. "I was also curious to see what effect a stat device would have in a tournament like this, given my half-lessathi aura, so I tried to buy one before coming here, but there weren't any for sale anywhere I looked!"

"On which continent?" I ask. "I bought mine in the Western Continent. Where I come from, you can pretty much find these on every corner of the street."

"I tried looking in the Western Continent as well," Melindra says. "In more than one city. All of the shop owners told me that they went out of stock several weeks before I tried to make my purchase."

"Wait..." I say. "Come to think of it, I also had a bit more trouble than I expected when I tried to buy my stat booster. I actually had to visit several shops before I could find one, and that was more than a month ago. In fact, I remember many of the shop owners being very evasive when I asked them when they would replenish their stocks. It seemed almost as if they were afraid to talk about it. Do you think that these merchants might have been lying about their stock, because they'd been threatened by someone who did not want them to be selling the devices anymore?"

"Never mind, that!" Melindra says. "Could you lend me your stat device for a moment? I'm curious to see how well it resonates with my aura!"


[16] "It's not working," she says. "I suppose that my aura has changed too much since I became a stillwater for the device to recognize me as a half-lessathi anymore. Too bad."

"What were you doing just now?" I ask Melindra. "I saw you fiddling with the stat device's buttons, but nothing seems to have changed."

"Oh," Melindra says. "I just used a code to increase the hearing stat temporarily by a few points, in order to see if my actual hearing sense improves or not. It's meant to be used as a test, to see how well the stat device reacts to your aura before you start using it. The code only works for the hearing stat, and it can only be activated once per day, for a few seconds."

"Can you give me the code?" I ask her.

"Sure," Melindra says. "It's three times left, three times right, two times left, four times right, then left right left right. Oh, and you need to do it within five seconds, or the code won't activate."

"Three left, three right, two left, four right, left right left right, got it!" I say. "Thanks a lot!"

"You're welcome!" Melindra says.


[17] "Oh," Melindra says. "I just used a code to increase the hearing stat temporarily by a few points, in order to see if my actual hearing sense improves or not. It's meant to be used as a test, to see how well the stat device reacts to your aura before you start using it. The code only works for the hearing stat, and it can only be activated once per day, for a few seconds."

"Can you give me the code?" I ask her.

"Sure," Melindra says. "It's three times left, three times right, two times left, four times right, then left right left right. Oh, and you need to do it within five seconds, or the code won't activate."

"Three left, three right, two left, four right, left right left right, got it!" I say. "Thanks a lot!"

"You're welcome!" Melindra says.

"Excuse me," Leila writes, as she pulls lightly on Melindra's sleeve.

"Yes?" Melindra says, looking at Leila, curiously.

"I have a question," Leila writes. "Are you able to tell the difference between lessathi and half-lessathi just by the feel of their aura?"

"Yes," Melindra says. "I've met enough half-lessathi in my lifetime to be able to make the distinction. You need to have a pretty keen magical sense to notice the difference, though."


[18] Daren takes his backpack off, and he pulls a transceiver out of it, which he then hands over to Melindra.

"We'll contact you through this transceiver in case our plans change," Daren says. "Don't worry about the range. It's been enchanted to cover very long distances, so we'll be able to contact you no matter where you are in the city."

"Okay, then," Melindra says, as she puts the transceiver in one of her pockets. "If nothing changes, then we'll meet at the city's northern gate, as soon as the sun rises. We'll need to head north to reach Ollendor anyway, so we might as well meet at the gate that's closest to our destination."

"Sounds good," Daren says.

"I'll see you all tomorrow!" Melindra says, with a smile, and then she goes on her way.

"Damn it!" I say, as I watch her leave. "She still didn't tell us how you can become a stillwater."

"You'll have all the time you need to ask her that question starting tomorrow," Daren says. "We'll be travelling together for a while, remember?"

"Oh, right..." I say.

"Anyway," Daren says, "we should probably be heading for the palace. The king seemed rather busy, and I'm not sure how long he'll be waiting for us."


[19] "You know, I've always meant to ask," I say, to Arraka. "What's up with that voice of yours? Most of the time it sounds normal, but there are times when it sounds as if there are three of you talking at the same time. Is that what happens when banshees get old?"

"Oh, no, it has nothing to do with age," Arraka says. "Those two other voices are from the first two spirits that I absorbed, while I was still in the magical plane. Uh... Elkira and Rinaru, I think?... It's been too long. I don't remember their names that clearly anymore."

"The first two spirits?" I say. "You mean that you've absorbed more than two spirits while you were on the magical plane?"

"Oh, yeah, I've absorbed hundreds of them," Arraka says. "The method that I used for absorbing other spirits was still experimental when I used it on Elkira and Rinaru, which is why their voices still pop up from time to time, even after all those thousands of years. I didn't have any more problems with absorbing all of the other spirits, though."

"But, didn't the other spirits try to stop you?" I ask her.

"Of course they did," Arraka says. "But I was only getting stronger with each spirit that I absorbed, and by the time the really strong spirits figured out what I was doing, I was already too much for them to handle."


[20] "Yeah, but to be fair, it was mostly the weaker ones, who didn't have that many followers," Arraka says. "The stronger ones like the God of Death, the God of Fate and the God of Time managed to hold their own against me pretty well, so we went on a bit of a stalemate for some time, while I went to absorb more spirits, and they tried to gather more followers."

"Was this when they decided to ban you from the magical plane?" I ask her.

"No, it was some time after that," Arraka says. "When they realized that they couldn't amass their followers with the speed that I was absorbing other spirits, they had some sort of a meeting, where they invited all of the powerful spirits in the realm, including the ones who did not call themselves gods, like the golden fox, who was still in the magical plane at the time. In that meeting, they decided to ban me from their realm, along with every other female spirit that belonged to what you people call 'civilized races' here on the earthen plane. You know, like humans, elves, gnomes and the like."


[21] "Hah!" Arraka says. "You don't think they tried? The 'gods' are nothing special. They're just magical spirits like the rest of us. They only started calling themselves that after they found out that they could harness energy from the beings on the earthen plane, as long as they made them into their loyal followers. Once they gained enough followers, all of that worshipping went to their heads, and they began to call themselves gods, as if they were somehow more special than the rest of us. All of their 'godly' powers that they gained from their worshippers still didn't help them when I killed half of their kind by myself, though."

"You killed half of the gods on the magical plane?" I ask her.

"Yeah, but to be fair, it was mostly the weaker ones, who didn't have that many followers," Arraka says. "The stronger ones like the God of Death, the God of Fate and the God of Time managed to hold their own against me pretty well, so we went on a bit of a stalemate for some time, while I went to absorb more spirits, and they tried to gather more followers."


[22] "Oh," Arraka says, "it's because I was only absorbing female spirits from the so-called 'civilized races', which made them think that there was something dangerous about the others too, and that they could turn out like me if left alone for too long. In reality, the only reason why I was absorbing just these types of spirits was because they were the only ones that had auras similar enough to mine for me to be able to absorb them, given that I'm an elf. There was nothing special about the spirits I was absorbing. The 'danger' of someone coming up with the same absorption technique as I did is still there, even after they threw us all out, but I wouldn't expect them to invent anything similar anytime soon, since they're way too stupid to come up with a spell that's so complex on their own."

"Wait, you're an elf?" I ask her.

"Of course I'm an elf!" Arraka says. "What did you think I was?"

"Well, I don't know," I say. "I always kind of figured that banshees were their own race, and I didn't really give it much thought until now."

"Banshees aren't a race!" Arraka says. "It's just a name that was given to us by the locals after we got banished to the earthen realm. You can clearly tell what our races are from our auras. Seriously, how bad is your magical sense, anyway? Illuna is an elf too, but I bet you didn't know that either, did you?"

"Petal's an elf?" Flower asks, shocked.


[23] "Well, yeah, but it's not like either of them is doing it consciously," Arraka says. "Since they're on different planes of existence, the link does not need to be all close and personal. Most mages probably just link themselves to a spirit instinctively, and neither them, nor the spirits that they are linked to ever notice this for the rest of their lives. But you can't link yourself unconsciously with a spirit anymore if all of the spirits with similar auras to you are here, on the earthen plane instead. You can still try to cast magic through other means, sure, but then your aura would need to become something completely different. Like that of the stillwater girl, for example. Or that of your friend with the ice magic."

"But how did these spirits manage to exile you to a completely different plane of existence?" I say. "Surely, it can't have been as simple as just throwing you out and locking the door behind you!"

"Oh, the exile was Memphir's idea, from what I've heard," Arraka says. "He always did have the talent to come up with crazily elaborate plans like these, even though only half of them usually worked out in his favor in the end."

"Memphir is the God of Fate, right?" I say.


[24] "Other parts of the Magium?..." I say, confused. "I don't get it. Just how big is this Magium, exactly? Wasn't it supposed to be some sort of a powerful artifact that's only found here in Varathia?"

Arraka takes a long break before she speaks again, during which we all wait for her answer in silence.

"Did..." she says, struggling to find her words. "Did you just ask me how big the Magium is?"

"Yeah, that's what I said," I say.

After another short pause, Arraka suddenly begins to laugh, louder than she's ever laughed before, and she keeps on going for about ten seconds before she speaks again.

"Hey..." Arraka says, while she's almost out of breath from laughing, "Hey, Illuna, did you... Did you hear what he said? He asked how big the Magium is! Aha-AHAHAHAHA!"

"Stop laughing, damn it!" I say, as I finally snap. "Tell me what you know about the Magium!"


[25] "But why?" I say. "What will happen if you tell us about the Magium?"

"We'll die," Illuna says, bluntly.

"You mean that they'll send someone to execute you?" I say.

"No, I mean we'll drop dead," Illuna says. "On the spot. Quite possibly even before we get to tell you what the Magium actually is."

"What do you mean?" Hadrik asks Illuna. "Why would you drop dead just from answering a question?"

"She's saying that they're under an enchanter's oath," Daren says. "They've probably been made to vow that they won't reveal the nature of the Magium to anyone. Either by the kings or by someone else. They're likely risking death even with what little they're already telling us. We should stop questioning them about this before Flower accidentally lets slip too much information and kills them both by accident."

"Damn it," Hadrik says. "I thought that we were actually on to something for a second there."


[26] "Not allowed by whom?" I ask her. "The kings? Are the kings of Varathia prohibiting you from revealing the true nature of the Magium to the tournament participants?"

"I... can't answer that question," Flower says, looking a bit uncomfortable.

"But why?" I say. "What will happen if you tell us about the Magium?"

"We'll die," Illuna says, bluntly.

"You mean that they'll send someone to execute you?" I say.

"No, I mean we'll drop dead," Illuna says. "On the spot. Quite possibly even before we get to tell you what the Magium actually is."

"What do you mean?" Hadrik asks Illuna. "Why would you drop dead just from answering a question?"

"She's saying that they're under an enchanter's oath," Daren says. "They've probably been made to vow that they won't reveal the nature of the Magium to anyone. Either by the kings or by someone else. They're likely risking death even with what little they're already telling us. We should stop questioning them about this before Flower accidentally lets slip too much information and kills them both by accident."

"Damn it," Hadrik says. "I thought that we were actually on to something for a second there."


[27] "I say we wait a little more," I tell Daren. "Neither of them are exactly the talkative sort, and Leila is mute to boot. We should give them a bit more time to get comfortable around each other before we butt in."

"You know, I was thinking," Hadrik tells me, "if Leila is a lessathi, then shouldn't you be giving her Eiden's message? The one about the still winter?"

"Hey, you're right!" I tell him. "I'll tell her right now!"

"Barry..." Daren starts to say, but I ignore him and I call out to Leila.

"Hey, Leila!" I shout.

"Yes?..." Leila writes, as she turns around to face me.

"I've got a message from Eiden," I say.

"Eiden?" Leila writes. "You mean the stillwater who threatened the dragon in the arena?"

"Yeah, that's him!" I say. "He says to remember the still winter!"


[28] "See?" I tell Daren, in a low voice. "Now they have something to talk about!"

Half an hour after our conversation, we reach the first marketplace on our way to the castle. We decide to split up into separate groups and to meet up again in the center of the marketplace once we're each done with our shopping. While Kate goes together with Leila in order to help her buy some new clothes and a backpack, Daren and I head for the weapons shop, so I can buy myself a new crossbow and so that Daren can buy a new magical sharpening stone. In the meantime, Flower and Illuna went to buy some potions, while Hadrik, who did not need to buy anything in particular, went directly towards the center of the market, waiting for us to be done.

Before we enter the shop, I show Daren my scimitars, while asking him if he could tell me what enchantments are cast on them, and if he could estimate the market value of the items. 

"Hmm..." Daren says. "Both of these seem to have the same two enchantments. Sharpness and durability. However, the enchantments were done almost exclusively by using elven steel, and the craftsmanship of the weapons is also of high quality. If I were you, I wouldn't sell one of these for less than fifty western gold coins."


[29] "See?" I tell Daren, in a low voice. "Now they have something to talk about!"

Half an hour after our conversation, we reach the first marketplace on our way to the castle. We decide to split up into separate groups and to meet up again in the center of the marketplace once we're each done with our shopping. While Kate goes together with Leila in order to help her buy some new clothes and a backpack, Daren and I head for the weapons shop, so I can buy myself a new crossbow and so that Daren can buy a new magical sharpening stone. In the meantime, Flower and Illuna went to buy some potions, while Hadrik, who did not need to buy anything in particular, went directly towards the center of the market, waiting for us to be done.

Before we enter the shop, I show Daren my scimitar, while asking him if he could tell me what enchantments are cast on it. 

"Hmm..." Daren says. "This blade seems to have only two enchantments. Sharpness and durability. However, the enchantments were done almost exclusively by using elven steel, and the craftsmanship of the weapons is also of high quality. Are you planning to sell this?"


[30] "See?" I tell Daren, in a low voice. "Now they have something to talk about!"

Half an hour after our conversation, we reach the first marketplace on our way to the castle. We decide to split up into separate groups and to meet up again in the center of the marketplace once we're each done with our shopping. While Kate goes together with Leila in order to help her buy some new clothes and a backpack, Daren and I head for the weapons shop, so I can buy myself a new crossbow and so that Daren can buy a new magical sharpening stone. In the meantime, Flower and Illuna went to buy some potions, while Hadrik, who did not need to buy anything in particular, went directly towards the center of the market, waiting for us to be done.

Once we are inside the weapons shop, the first thing I do is to ask the shopkeeper where he is keeping his crossbows, and then I move over to the long ranged weapons area, to see if I can find anything that would fit my needs.


[31] "Remember to also get an anti-disease elixir while you're at it," Illuna says, finally. "They're more expensive than anti-poison ones, and they only work for certain, easily curable illnesses, but still, it would be rather pathetic if you were to die from some Varathian disease after having survived the tournament for so long."

I pay the shopkeeper ten copper pieces for the anti-poison elixir and a silver coin for the anti-disease elixir, and then I drink them both while I'm still inside the shop. Illuna does the same for all the potions she's bought, and then we both exit the building, heading towards the middle of the marketplace, where Hadrik and Daren were waiting for us. As we approach them, I notice that the two of them are in the middle of a rather heated debate about who would be the winner in a duel between Azarius, the Sage of the West, and Talmak, the Sage of the North.

"Listen," Hadrik tells Daren, as we get closer, "I know that Azarius can cast a lot of spells. That's not the point. What I'm saying is that in terms of raw power, Talmak is way above the Sage of the West. Plus, he's an earth elementalist! What use are a bunch of spells, when he's just going to crush you between two huge layers of rock?"


[32] "That would just be a waste of magical energy!" Daren says. "There's a reason why more complex versions of the basic spells were invented. It's because they're cost-effective."

"Why would Talmak care about cost?" Hadrik says. "He has plenty of energy to spare. It's not like we've ever seen him run out of energy in a duel before. Hell, as far as we know, his magical regeneration abilities may well be high enough that he can gain his energy back before he even has a chance to spend it!"

"Ugh!" Daren says. "Barry, can you believe this guy? He's actually trying to make a case that Azarius would lose in a fight against Talmak!"


[33] "Yeah, right," I say. "If he was such a weakling, then how come you weren't even able to take over his body properly, during your awakening?"

"That has nothing to do with power, you idiot!" Arraka says. "Didn't your friend tell you about ethereals? The guy had an overwhelming advantage while we were fighting in his own mind. In a fair fight I would have annihilated him! And the same goes for Eiden!"

"Uh-huh," I say. "You say that, but you still lost against him in the still winter."

"That's because Eiden uses tricks!" Arraka says. "In terms of raw power, I'm way stronger than him!"

"Who cares if you're technically stronger than him?" I say. "Fighting isn't just about strength. You also need to know how to use it."

"This isn't about him being more skilled than me, you moron!" Arraka says. "I'm saying that he's cheating! He isn't using magic the way you're supposed to!"

"What's that supposed to mean?" I say.


[34] "I'm saying that shortly before the end of this tournament," Eiden says, "there will be a calamity of such proportions that it will completely eradicate every single city on this island, at the same time."

"And you're telling me that you're just going to stand idly by and watch it happen?" Daren asks, shocked. "What is wrong with you? Aren't you supposed to be the creator of this continent?"

"Actually, that's a common misconception," Eiden says. "While the people of this land may call me the Creator, the island of Varathia has been around for much longer than my lifespan. The only reason why people started to call me the Creator all those years ago was because they wanted someone to replace the old Creator, to symbolize the beginning of a new age, and they chose me to take this role because I was practically the founder of the new civilization that came after the still winter, together with the golden fox. Oh, and I think you might have slightly misunderstood what I said earlier. I will by no means stand idly by while this calamity occurs. In fact, the eradication of these cities will happen as a direct result of my own actions."


[35] "I'm saying," I say, "that there's no way you can just build an entire civilization like that almost by yourself, and then in the span of only a few hundred years, you simply stop caring about what happens to any of these people and you kill them off like it's nothing. This is just you refusing to admit your mistakes. You failed. You had all the power in the world, but you still couldn't achieve what you wanted. And instead of manning up and trying to fix things, what do you do? You just sweep it all under the rug as if none of this was your fault, and then you decide to end everything by your own hand, as if that would somehow make it better. Stop this, already. You are only making a fool of yourself."

"I've heard just about enough of this," Eiden says, in a dismissive tone. "You speak without even knowing the situation in which the other cities are in. Do you think that slavery and arenas are the real problems in Varathia? You have no idea what's going on in the other kingdoms. The levels to which some of these people have stooped are much lower than what you could ever imagine."

"So, what?" I say. "Aren't you their leader? Isn't it the leader's job to make sure that his people don't go on the wrong path? How did you even manage to let it come to this? Did you just leave them all to organize themselves without even the least bit of intervention? Hell, even I would have done a better job at keeping things under control, and I know nothing about politics."


[36] "You really do like to play with fire, don't you?" Eiden says. "I think what makes me the angriest is the fact that you actually believe what you are saying. You actually believe that you would have been able to accomplish the impossible... to change human nature, without even having access to any of my powers. Just what exactly is it that you are basing these claims on, I wonder?"

"I'm basing them," I say, "on the fact that I've already been trying to accomplish the impossible for the better part of my life! And unlike you, I have never even thought about giving up. I mean, look at me, damn it! Look at where I am! Who would be stupid or stubborn enough to go so far just for the sake of some childhood dream? And yet, here I am."

I pause for a few seconds before I continue, but I keep looking Eiden straight in the eyes, during this time.

"I don't care about human nature," I say, after a while. "After seeing how the people here are perfectly okay with other human beings getting treated like cattle, and after seeing how they consider people dying in an arena to be a form of entertainment, I think I've seen enough to know that things here need to change. And if you're no longer going to do it, then I will. I don't care if I have the power to do it or not. I will do it. I am going to do everything that you couldn't do, despite your immense power, and then I'm going to come back and shove it all in your face."


[37] "You really do like to play with fire, don't you?" Eiden says. "I think what makes me the angriest is the fact that you actually believe what you are saying. You actually believe that you would have been able to accomplish the impossible... to change human nature, without even having access to any of my powers. Just what exactly is it that you are basing these claims on, I wonder?"

"I'm basing them," I say, "on the fact that I've already been trying to accomplish the impossible for the better part of my life! And unlike you, I have never even thought about giving up. I mean, look at me, damn it! Look at where I am! Who would be stupid or stubborn enough to go so far just for the sake of some childhood dream? And yet, here I am."

I pause for a few seconds before I continue, but I keep looking Eiden straight in the eyes, during this time.

"I don't care about human nature," I say, after a while. "After seeing how the people here are perfectly okay with other human beings getting treated like cattle, and after seeing how they consider people dying in an arena to be a form of entertainment, I think I've seen enough to know that things here need to change. And if you're no longer going to do it, then I will. I don't care if I have the power to do it or not. I will do it. I already told you this once before. I am going to do everything that you couldn't do, despite your immense power, and then I'm going to come back and shove it all in your face."


[38] "Here's what we're going to do," he says, as he closes his eyes again, and he slowly starts to walk back and forth, over a distance of a few feet. "Whether you want to or not, this tournament is going to require you to visit a certain number of cities. You already know that you'll be visiting Galamir, and since you've met Melindra, I'm going to assume that you'll also be visiting Ollendor soon enough. There may also be other cities, depending on what the tournament's organizers prepare for the next rounds. I'm going to be monitoring your activity in these cities from afar, to see how much you can manage to change in the short time you'll have at your disposal. If you will stay true to your words from earlier, and you will indeed make radical changes through your own powers, then I will personally give you the power required to stop the calamity that is threatening these cities, and afterwards, I will leave you to shape the fate of these kingdoms in whatever way you see fit. If this unlikely scenario truly comes to pass, then I will--"

"By the gods!" I shout, interrupting him. "Arraka was right! I can't believe it. You really are cheating!"

"I beg your pardon?" Eiden says.


[39] "Extraordinary!" Eiden says, with his smile back on his face. "I've used that trick countless times against many formidable foes in the past, and yet nobody managed to figure it out until now. However, I still do not see how this would help you and your group if you were ever to fight me seriously. Leaving aside the fact that I've had hundreds of years to learn these technicalities, even if you managed to learn them all, my level of magical power still dwarfs that of most beings on this island, with very few exceptions. I would say that you are not in a better situation now, than you were when you first met me on the second day of the tournament."

"Yes, I am," I say. "Because now I know that you're not invincible. If you needed to learn all these tricks, then it means that your power alone was not enough to help you win all of your battles. It means that you have weaknesses. And if you have weaknesses, you can be defeated."


[40] Eiden gives me one last smile with his eyes closed, and then he teleports out of my sight. As soon as he disappears, the time freezing spell gets cancelled, and my friends begin to look around them confused, trying to figure out where Eiden went.

"So, Eiden is gone..." Daren says, after a while. "And Barry is the only one that doesn't seem surprised by this sudden turn of events. Is there anything that you might want to tell us, Barry?"

"Daren..." I say. "I'm certain that you have many questions, and I'll be sure to answer them in a bit, but first I'm going to need you to do something for me."

"What's that?" Daren asks.

"Pull out a pen and paper from your backpack," I say, "and write all of the protection spells that you had cast on yourself on our second day in Varathia. We've got work to do."

