
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] 

The girl dressed in pajamas is looking at us with a victorious smile on her face. She seems very pleased with herself for having managed to finally get our attention. Despite the fact that she is clearly the one who has magically suspended us into the air, her aura is showing no traces of magic whatsoever. Even when Kate and Flower hide their auras, you can still tell that they are mages if you inspect their auras very closely. The girl in front of us, however, seems no different from a regular human. This can mean one of two things. Either she is much better at hiding her aura than Flower and Kate, or...

"Hey, I know you!" Arraka blurts out all of a sudden. "You're that stillwater girl that kept trailing behind Eiden and the fox during the still winter! Uh... what was the name?... Melenda? Milandra?..."

"Melindra," the stillwater girl says, in a cold voice, and then she flicks one of her fingers, casting a wind spell that closes Arraka's amulet.

Arraka mumbles furiously from within her amulet, but nobody is paying any attention to her. Having silenced the banshee, the stillwater girl regains her smile, and she attempts to continue her speech from where she left off.


[3] "No, of course not!" Melindra says, slightly irritated. "I didn't get born as a stillwater. I became a stillwater in the same way that everyone else did."

"Everyone?" I ask. "Even Eiden? Is Eiden an artificial mage too? Wasn't he born as a mage?"

"What is an artificial mage?" Melindra says, in a frustrated tone. "Eiden was born as a mage. He just became a stillwater later, just like everyone else. How is this so difficult to understand?"

"But how?" I ask her. "How do you become a stillwater?"

"Listen," Melindra says. "If you think that I'm going to just stand here and answer every single one of your questions before you even listen to what I'm--"

"How do you know Eiden?" Daren asks her. "Are you working with him?"

"No, I'm not working with Eiden!" Melindra says, visibly upset. "If I were working with Eiden, do you think I'd need to come and ask you for help? Why can't you just shut up for ten seconds and let me finish one damn senten--"


[4] "Actually, I have a few more questions!"

"What?" Melindra says, trying hard to control her temper. "What questions?"

"Well, for starters," I say, "you never told us how you can become a stillwater."

"I don't get it," Melindra says. "Why are you asking me this question? Shouldn't you be asking Eiden this? Aren't you his followers?"

"Hell no!" Daren shouts.

Melindra is looking at us confused.

"His friends, then?" she asks.

"Far from it," Kate says.


[5] "Go on, we're all listening."

"Good!" Melindra says, smiling once again. "Now, as I've said before, if I would've managed to contact Eiden, I wouldn't be bothering you with this, but since he's been completely ignoring me ever since I came back to Varathia, I was thinking that maybe you, as his followers could--"

"What did you just call us?" Daren asks her, perplexed.

"Eiden's followers," Melindra says. "Aren't you his followers?" 

"Hell no!" Daren shouts.

Melindra is looking at us confused.

"His friends, then?" she asks.

"Far from it," Kate says.

"Then how did you manage to attack that noble?" Melindra says. "Wasn't Eiden the one who gave you the power to do it?"


[6] "Oh, right!" Melindra says, as she regains her smile. "In short, I want you to kill someone for me!"

"Woah, woah, woah!" Daren says. "I'm going to stop you right there, Melindra. Despite what you may have heard about us, neither of us are assassins. We won't kill people unless we have very good reasons to do it. We're not going to kill someone just because you asked us to."

"Oh, but I'm not asking you to do it for free!" Melindra says. "I'm more than willing to compensate you for this task!"

"We're not looking for money," Daren says. "We're here to participate in a mage tournament, remember?"

"I know!" Melindra says. "When I was talking about compensation, I meant that I would help you with your objectives. Don't you want to know how to find the pinecones?"

"Why would we need your help for that?" Daren says. "It's just some pinecones. How hard could it be to find them?"

Melindra smirks at Daren, and she takes what appears to be a pinecone seed out of her pocket. She then puts the seed in her hand, and it immediately starts to glow with a bright yellow light, just like Golmyck said it would when he announced our first objectives. She then holds her hand out to Daren, inviting him to take the pinecone seed from her.


[7] We do as she says and we pass the pinecone seed between ourselves, to see if anyone is able to make it light up. Unfortunately, it seems that Melindra was right, and neither of us have anywhere near the required level of magical power to make the seed glow.  

"So," Daren says, as he hands Melindra back her pinecone seed, "am I to understand that what you will be offering us in exchange for the assassination will be one of these glowing pinecones?"

"Oh, no, no, no," Melindra says. "I never managed to get hold of a pinecone. I was lucky enough to find a few seeds on the ground near the border of a sacred forest, while I was on my way here. I wouldn't dare to venture any deeper into one of those forests in order to find an actual pinecone. The golden fox hates my guts!"

"Wait," I say. "Why a sacred forest? Couldn't you just get it from somewhere else?"

"You can't get glowing pinecones from anywhere else," Melindra says. "They only grow in the sacred forests, which are all territories of the golden fox."


[8] "Why can't you tell us who this person is? Is it someone we know?"

"I very much doubt that any of you have met this person before," Melindra says. "The reason why I can't divulge their identity is because they've specifically asked me to keep it a secret, if I ever need to mention them in a discussion. I wouldn't read too much into it if I were you. They're just the more secretive type. That's all there is to it."

"Right..." I say.

"So, do we have a deal, then?" Melindra asks us.

"I'm sorry, Melindra," Daren says, "but I can't just go around murdering people to further my own goals. Even if my goal is ultimately to help the entire world, I cannot just kill a man for the simple reason that you want him dead."

"So it is a moral justification that you seek?" Melindra asks, with a look of curiosity in her eyes. "Well what if I tell you, then, that the person I want assassinated is a tyrant that has killed thousands of innocent people, and who is ruling his kingdom through fear and intimidation? Would that help to change your mind?"

"Who are you talking about, exactly?" Kate asks.

"Why, it's the brother of the man that you've only just killed a few days ago!" Melindra says. "The king of Ollendor."


[9] "Why would they lend us such a rare device for free?" I say. "They don't even know who we are!"

"But they know who I am!" Melindra says. "And even if they don't agree to lend it to you, we could always just steal it from them. I'm a stillwater. It's not like they can do anything to stop me."

"Right..." I say.

"So, do we have a deal, then?" Melindra asks us.

"I'm sorry, Melindra," Daren says, "but I can't just go around murdering people to further my own goals. Even if my goal is ultimately to help the entire world, I cannot just kill a man for the simple reason that you want him dead."

"So it is a moral justification that you seek?" Melindra asks, with a look of curiosity in her eyes. "Well what if I tell you, then, that the person I want assassinated is a tyrant that has killed thousands of innocent people, and who is ruling his kingdom through fear and intimidation? Would that help to change your mind?"

"Who are you talking about, exactly?" Kate asks.

"Why, it's the brother of the man that you've only just killed a few days ago!" Melindra says. "The king of Ollendor."


[10] "See?" Melindra tells us, after she's done reading Leila's text. "There's nothing to worry about!"

"But isn't Ollendor really far away?" Daren says. "And then you also have to lead us to your friend that has the pinecone detector. That sounds like a lot of time wasted, when we're already three days behind every other participant of the tournament."

"So, what?" Melindra says. "It's not like anyone's made any progress since the objectives were announced. Nobody has any idea that the pinecones can only be found in the sacred forests. In fact, they are avoiding the fox's territories like the plague, because they don't want to deal with her, so the chances of them finding even one pinecone in the following week are almost nonexistent. Even when they'll finally figure out what they need to do, they'll still need to go against the golden fox. Without using a detector, I can't even imagine how they'd be able to sneak by unnoticed long enough to be able to test every pinecone by hand, so they will need to engage the fox and her followers directly, and I think you can imagine how that will go for them."

"I'm sorry, but I'm still not buying this," Kate says. "You are a stillwater. Why would you need our help to assassinate a king?"

"Because I came to Varathia as a tournament participant!" Melindra says. "It was the only way I could think of to get back to this place after that blasted king of Ollendor exiled me! But now the tournament's spell is preventing me from hurting any of the locals, so I've been stuck here since day one, trying to find someone who can do the job in my place."


[11] "What do you guys think?" Daren asks us. "Leaving aside her mildly infuriating, condescending remark from earlier, I'd say her deal is actually beginning to not sound so bad, all things considered. At the very least, I'm not getting the feeling that she's trying to cheat us, and we'll also get to save a kingdom in the process."

"Well..." Hadrik says. "I can't say that toppling a kingdom is something I've had the opportunity of doing before, and it would also make for a pretty good story when I'm out drinking in taverns... It certainly sounds more fun than looking for pinecones, that's for sure!"

"I'll admit that if we take everything she said into consideration," Kate says, "her way of doing things may actually give us an advantage over the other participants, especially since the contest seems to have been rigged from the very beginning to only allow the four sages to move on to the next round."

"Yeah, what's up with that, anyway?" Hadrik says. "I can't say that I was aiming to win the tournament, but this is still making me pretty pissed. Why did they even invite the other mages, if they weren't planning to give them a fair chance? Was it all just for show?"


[12] "The deal should not be considered over until the device is actually in our hands."

"Well, yeah, obviously," Daren says. "If she expects us to practically fight an entire kingdom all by ourselves, then I'll be damned if I'll do it over a vague promise of her 'leading' us to someone who has what we need."

"Sounds fair," Melindra says.

Once Daren makes sure that nobody else has any suggestions, he takes out his sword, and he lightly cuts one of the fingers from Melindra's left hand with it. Melindra then sprinkles some of the blood dripping from her finger on top of the sword, and the weapon begins to shine brightly, with a white light.

"Is it working?" Melindra says. "Can I say the oath?"

"Yes, the spell is working," Daren says. "You may begin."

"Okay," Melindra says. "So, first of all, I swear that I'm not going to harm any of you."

"You... do know how this works, right?..." Daren tells her. "If you don't specify a duration, the oath becomes life-binding. If I accept your vow like this, you won't be able to harm us for the rest of your life!"

"Listen," Melindra says, while pointing her finger at Daren. "If we're all just going to keep doubting each other, we won't get anywhere. Just accept the vow, will you?"


[13] "Melindra should swear that her friend with the device won't try to hurt us, either."

"Good thinking!" Daren says. "The fact that she won't hurt us herself is meaningless if she's just planning to lead us into a trap."

"Uh..." Melindra says. "I'm not sure how much I can vouch for my 'friend', but what I could do is to guarantee that I won't let them bring any harm to you, and we could also make it so that our deal will not be considered done until I leave you somewhere safe, with the device in your arms."

"Sounds good," Daren says.

Once Daren makes sure that nobody else has any suggestions, he takes out his sword, and he lightly cuts one of the fingers from Melindra's left hand with it. Melindra then sprinkles some of the blood dripping from her finger on top of the sword, and the weapon begins to shine brightly, with a white light.

"Is it working?" Melindra says. "Can I say the oath?"

"Yes, the spell is working," Daren says. "You may begin."

"Okay," Melindra says. "So, first of all, I swear that I'm not going to harm any of you."

"You... do know how this works, right?..." Daren tells her. "If you don't specify a duration, the oath becomes life-binding. If I accept your vow like this, you won't be able to harm us for the rest of your life!"


[14] Daren moves his hand over the sword again, confirming Melindra's second vow. The light from his sword then slowly begins to fade, until it returns to its normal state.

"Is that it?" Melindra asks. "Are we done?"

"Yes," Daren says. "The oath is done."

"Perfect!" Melindra says, regaining her smile. "So I'm guessing that your team will consist of you, the ice mage, the girl with the banshee, the giant shapeshifting as a dwarf, and..."

Melindra stops suddenly, just as she was about to point towards me, and then she starts simply staring at me, without saying anything.

"The dwarf was a giant?..." Leila writes, surprised, but we are all too focused on the stillwater girl to pay attention to her writing.

Melindra starts heading towards me, with her eyebrows furrowed in concentration, and she stops less than one foot away from me, studying me closely.

"Hmm..." Melindra says, with a pondering look, as she studies me from head to toe.


[15] "That's not enough," Daren says. "You also need to swear that as soon as you're done leading us to this person, you will personally guarantee that they lend us the device, and that the deal will not be considered over until this device is actually in our hands."

"Fine," Melindra says. "I swear it."

Daren moves his hand over the sword again, confirming Melindra's second vow.

"For your third, and final vow," Daren says, "do you swear that you will guarantee our safety from your friend with the device or any of their associates if they try to attack us, and that our deal will not be over until you've left us somewhere safe, with the pinecone detector in our arms?"

"Yes, I swear," Melindra says.

Daren moves his hand over the sword one last time, and then the light from the sword slowly begins to fade, until his weapon returns to normal.

"Is that it?" Melindra asks. "Are we done?"

"Yes," Daren says. "The oath is done."

"Perfect!" Melindra says, regaining her smile. "So I'm guessing that your team will consist of you, the ice mage, the girl with the banshee, the giant shapeshifting as a dwarf, and..."

Melindra stops suddenly, just as she was about to point towards me, and then she starts simply staring at me, without saying anything.


[16] "Is there something you--" I start to say, but the girl interrupts me.

"Turn around!" she says.

Melindra does not wait for me to turn around, and she grabs me by the shoulders, turning me around by herself. After a few more seconds of silence, the stillwater girl finally seems to have found what she was looking for, and she gasps loudly, in astonishment.

"What?" I ask her, as I turn to face her. "What is it?"

"You're a half-lessathi, aren't you?" Melindra says, with a mixture of shock and excitement in her voice. "That's why your aura seemed so familiar! I'm a half-lessathi too! It's so nice to finally meet someone of my own race after all this time! There used to be thousands of us before the still winter, but the lessathi have gotten much stricter with their rules since then, and there aren't very many of them left either, so you barely get to see any half-lessathi these days."

She pauses.

"Wait," she says. "So that's why Eiden has taken an interest in your group!"

"What do you mean?" I say. "What's so special about me being a half-lessathi? Does it have anything to do with my stat device?"

"Oh, no," Melindra says. "Not with your stat device."

"Then with what?" I say.

"I'm sure you'll figure it out eventually!" Melindra says.


[17] "Yeah, but make sure that you don't mess with my stats!"

"Of course!" Melindra says. "I only need to do one test, and then you can have it back."

I take the device out of my pocket and I hand it to Melindra.

Upon seeing the stats on its screen, Melindra raises an eyebrow, and then she looks back at me in disbelief.

"Seriously?" she says. "You haven't even invested a single point in your stats until now?"

"What can I say?" I tell her. "I like living on the edge!"

"Hmm..." Melindra says, looking at me curiously for a few seconds, but then she turns her gaze back to the device.

After she looks at it for a few seconds, the girl begins to press the side buttons of the device, multiple times, in quick succession.

"Wait, hold on!" I tell her. "You promised that you wouldn't--"

"Shhh!" Melindra tells me, with a very serious look on her face.

After a few seconds of silence, Melindra hands me back the device, looking rather displeased.


[18] "Yeah, but make sure that you don't mess with my stats!"

"Of course!" Melindra says. "I only need to do one test, and then you can have it back."

I take the device out of my pocket and I hand it to Melindra. After she looks at it for a few seconds, the girl begins to press the side buttons of the device, multiple times, in quick succession.

"Wait, hold on!" I tell her. "You promised that you wouldn't--"

"Shhh!" Melindra tells me, with a very serious look on her face.

After a few seconds of silence, Melindra hands me back the device, looking rather displeased.

"It's not working," she says. "I suppose that my aura has changed too much since I became a stillwater for the device to recognize me as a half-lessathi anymore. Too bad."

"What were you doing just now?" I ask Melindra. "I saw you fiddling with the stat device's buttons, but nothing seems to have changed."


[19] "Actually, I'd rather keep my stat device, if you don't mind."

"Fine!" Melindra says, with a pout. "I didn't need your device anyway!"

"Excuse me," Leila writes, as she pulls lightly on Melindra's sleeve.

"Yes?" Melindra says, looking at Leila, curiously.

"I have a question," Leila writes. "Are you able to tell the difference between lessathi and half-lessathi just by the feel of their aura?"

"Yes," Melindra says. "I've met enough half-lessathi in my lifetime to be able to make the distinction. You need to have a pretty keen magical sense to notice the difference, though."


[20] "Could you..." Leila starts to write, but she pauses for a few seconds.

"Could you tell me if I'm a half-lessathi as well?" Leila continues.

"A half-lessathi?" Melindra asks, surprised.

She gets closer to Leila and she furrows her eyebrows, like she did with me, earlier.

"Hmm..." Melindra says, while she studies her for a few seconds. "No, you're definitely not a half-lessathi. This is a regular lessathi aura any way I look at it."

"I see..." Leila writes, with a faint smile on her face. "Thank you for your answer!"

Seeing her relieved smile, I suddenly remember the story she told me about the lessathi from her youth that treated her like some kind of reject because she was mute, and who were accusing her of being a half-lessathi, due to her disability. It seems that those people's slander had in fact affected her a lot more than she let on until now.

"Well," Melindra says, as she turns to the rest of us, "I believe that we're done for the day! If nobody else has any objections, I would very much like it if we could begin our journey tomorrow, at the crack of dawn."

"Actually," Daren says, "we still need to get some papers from the king, before we can leave the city. We'll be visiting him later today, but it's not guaranteed that he'll have them ready by the time we get there. Hold on!"


[21] "Well," Enrique says, "since it's been settled that you'll be spending the night in Thilias, I believe that there will no longer be any objections to the celebration tonight, yes?"

Daren sighs.

"Do as you wish," he says.

"Perfect!" Enrique says. "I know some of the best cooks in Thilias, and there are still plenty of expensive wine bottles left in the cellar. Tonight, we shall have a feast that will put the king's royal banquets to shame!"

"Just make sure you don't overdo it," Daren says. "We'll be leaving before sunrise, so we can't afford to stay up until too late in the evening."

Once we wave goodbye to Enrique, we start heading towards the castle of Thilias, at a leisurely pace. As soon as we set out, Arraka begins making muffled noises again, from inside her amulet.

"What is it, Arraka?..." Flower says, as she opens the amulet.

"I can't believe the nerve on that girl!" Arraka shouts, with her voice sounding like three separate voices talking at the same time again. "Did you see what she did? She just closed my amulet without even so much as a 'hello'! Is that any way to act with someone that you've known for hundreds of years?"


[22] "I'll meet you all back at my house!" Rose says. "If it's going to be your last night in Thilias, then I'll be sure to have a feast waiting for you when you come back to the mansion!"

"We'll all be looking forward to it!" Hadrik says.

Once we wave goodbye to Rose, we start heading towards the castle of Thilias, at a leisurely pace. As soon as we set out, Arraka begins making muffled noises again, from inside her amulet.

"What is it, Arraka?..." Flower says, as she opens the amulet.

"I can't believe the nerve on that girl!" Arraka shouts, with her voice sounding like three separate voices talking at the same time again. "Did you see what she did? She just closed my amulet without even so much as a 'hello'! Is that any way to act with someone that you've known for hundreds of years?"


[23] "What happens to the spirits that you absorb? Are they still alive inside of you?"

"Sort of," Arraka says. "Technically they're still there, but they're in a dormant state, and they're not conscious of anything that's happening around them. The absorption process is irreversible, so they may as well be dead, for all the difference it would make."

"So, what did the gods have to say about all of this?" I say. "Didn't you say that they live on the magical plane too? Why couldn't they just unite against you in order to kill you off?"

"Hah!" Arraka says. "You don't think they tried? The 'gods' are nothing special. They're just magical spirits like the rest of us. They only started calling themselves that after they found out that they could harness energy from the beings on the earthen plane, as long as they made them into their loyal followers. Once they gained enough followers, all of that worshipping went to their heads, and they began to call themselves gods, as if they were somehow more special than the rest of us. All of their 'godly' powers that they gained from their worshippers still didn't help them when I killed half of their kind by myself, though."

"You killed half of the gods on the magical plane?" I ask her.


[24] "Is this the reason why you got banned from the magical plane?"

"Eh..." Arraka says. "It was probably part of the reason. Mostly it was because of my murdering sprees, I think."

"Murdering sprees?..." I say.

"Yeah," Arraka says. "There isn't really much to do in the magical plane. Most of the spirits tend to just live for the sole purpose of maintaining their existence. It's pretty uncommon for a spirit from the magical plane to die of old age, so as long as you don't do anything too risky, you could theoretically go on living forever. That's why it's so hilarious to kill a spirit in the magical plane. On the earthen plane, most living beings will expect to die at some point, but the great majority of the spirits on the magical plane fancy themselves as immortals.  The desperation with which they cling to life in their final moments cannot be compared with that of any being on this plane of existence, which is what makes it all the more satisfying when you do them in."

"So, what did the gods have to say about all of this?" I say. "Didn't you say that they live on the magical plane too? Why couldn't they just unite against you in order to kill you off?"


[25] "Wait, you have different races in the magical plane?"

"Not just different races," Arraka says. "They're the exact same races that you have here on the earthen plane. Including the monster races and the animal races, of course. It's not like we have bodies or anything, but you can tell our races from our auras, just like you can on this plane of existence."

"Hold on," I say. "Does this mean that our spirits will go to the magical plane after we die?"

"Nah," Arraka says. "You don't have spirits. You only have souls. When you die, the ethereal matter that makes up your soul gets decomposed and it melds with the rest of the ethereal plane. The same goes for the souls of us, magical spirits. It's possible that the souls that get decomposed after you die somehow get recycled and then they get linked with a newborn spirit from the magical plane, but that's just a theory. None of the spirits on the magical plane have any sort of memories from past lives on the earthen plane, or anything like that."

"So, uh..." I say. "Getting back to your exile from the magical plane... do you know why the gods and the other powerful spirits decided to also ban the other female spirits and not just you?"


[26] "The fox originated from the magical plane? How did she end up here, then?"

"Why don't you ask her yourself?" Arraka says. "You're friends with her now, aren't you?"

" 'Friends' isn't exactly the word I'd use to describe our relationship with her," I say.

"Well, the only thing I know," Arraka says, "is that even before I got banned from the magical plane, the fox seemed to have taken a great interest in the animals that lived here, in Varathia. They were much more intelligent than the animals on the other continents, for some reason, and from what I've heard, the fox always talked about how unfairly these animals from Varathia were being treated on the earthen plane. I'm not sure when she decided to come here, but from what I could tell, she must have made a pact with all of the plants and animals from the region, so they would join together in some sort of a symbiotic relationship that would help her maintain a physical body, in exchange for her offering them protection. I don't really know more than that, since I've been trapped in a mountain while all of this happened."

"So, uh..." I say. "Getting back to your exile from the magical plane... do you know why the gods and the other powerful spirits decided to also ban the other female spirits and not just you?"


[27] "Did you..." I say, but I pause for a few moments to rearrange my thoughts. "Did you just imply that the reason why women cannot be born as mages on our earthen plane is directly related to your exile from the magical plane?"

After hearing my last sentence, Kate, who didn't seem to be paying very close attention to our conversation until now, has finally turned her head towards us, and she is now watching us intently.

"So you finally figured it out, eh, Barry-boy?" Arraka says. "What is it that tipped you off? Is it perhaps the fact that all of the banshees are practically humanoid female spirits? Or maybe the fact that female animals and monsters can still cast magic, while your women are completely unable to do it, unless their auras have been drastically altered? Oh... or maybe it's the fact that women only gain magic when they are possessed by banshees. That's a pretty big hint, if you ask me! Hell, you even had Flower as an example. Her element is fire, while Illuna's element is water. It's clear that she didn't just inherit the magic from Illuna, right? Didn't it ever occur to you that in order to channel that energy from the magical plane, you need to actually create a link with a magical spirit that is at least somewhat similar to you, in nature? You didn't seriously think that you could just pull that energy out on your own, without some magical spirit to act as a funnel for you, did you?"

"So," I say, "what you are saying is that every one of the mages on the earthen plane is in fact linked with a spirit from the magical plane?"


[28] "So, why didn't you just change it back to how it was, after they sent you here?" I say. "Shouldn't you have more than enough energy to do it after absorbing all of those spirits?"

"I can't do it from here!" Arraka says. "That's why we're stuck. If I were to undo everything that Memphir and his crew did, I'd need to access the Magium directly, and I can't do that from the earthen plane."

"The Magium?..." I ask her.

"Well, not really the Magium," Arraka says. "You get what I mean..."

"No..." I say. "I don't, actually..."

"You know..." Arraka says. "I'm talking about the part of the Magium that specifically deals with the creation of magical spirits and then sends them to the magical plane. You know how it works, right? Spirits aren't made to reproduce, even if they are split into males and females like you are here on the earthen plane. That's why there's this sort of... nest, or whatever you want to call it within the Magium that makes sure to pump out new spirits and to send them to the magical plane after the old ones die, in order to have roughly the same amount of spirits on the magical plane at any given time. Except these bastards managed to change the way it works! As soon as they were done tampering with the nest, it even sent the ones of us who were already there to the earthen plane, not to mention all the new ones that were created after that. And even from Varathia, the only parts of the Magium that I can access are the ones that I don't need!"


[29] "Do you want me to spin your amulet until you give me my answer?"

"Are you sure you want to do that, Barry-boy?" Arraka says, as she stops from her laughter. "Do you really think that you will never need my help anymore from now on? Do you really like being surprised by invisible enemies that much?"

"Let it go, Barry," Daren says, as he places a hand on my shoulder. "If she doesn't want to tell us, then no amount of spinning is going to make her change her mind. We'll just have to find out what the Magium is on our own."

"I know what the Magium is!" Flower says.

"You do?" I ask her.

"Yeah," Flower says.

"Well, what is it?" I say.

"Oh, I can't tell you that!" Flower says.

"Why the hell not?" I say.

"Because I'm not allowed to," Flower says, simply.

"Not allowed by whom?" I ask her. "The kings? Are the kings of Varathia prohibiting you from revealing the true nature of the Magium to the tournament participants?"

"I... can't answer that question," Flower says, looking a bit uncomfortable.


[30] I wait for Arraka to stop laughing by herself, and when her laughter finally dies out, I repeat my question.

"So, now that you're done laughing," I say, "are you planning to tell us what the Magium is, or not?"

"Nah," Arraka says.

"Why not?" I say.

"Because there would be no fun in me telling you directly," Arraka says. "You need to work for it! Isn't that why you are here?"

"Let it go, Barry," Daren says, as he places a hand on my shoulder. "If she doesn't want to tell us, then it's unlikely that any of us will be able to change her mind. We'll just have to find out what the Magium is on our own."

"I know what the Magium is!" Flower says.

"You do?" I ask her.

"Yeah," Flower says.

"Well, what is it?" I say.

"Oh, I can't tell you that!" Flower says.

"Why the hell not?" I say.

"Because I'm not allowed to," Flower says, simply.


[31] "Why are you acting so disappointed?" Daren says. "It's not like you were ever aiming to win the Magium. You've already told us that you're only in this for the challenge."

"Well, yeah," Hadrik says, "but imagine the stories we could tell if we managed to get our hands on the Magium before the end of the tournament!"

"It's not going to happen," Daren says. "Even if we find out what it is, it's probably too well guarded or too well hidden for us to be able to do anything about it. We should be focusing on our objectives, and not on trying to cheat the system. Come on, let's get moving. We still need to do some shopping before we go to the king."

As we continue to travel towards the castle, we notice that Leila and Kate are walking side by side, but they've hardly been exchanging any words since we left the arena. After a while, Daren pulls me to the back of the group, where him and Hadrik are walking at a slower pace, and he asks me a question, in a low voice.

"Hey, Barry," Daren says, "correct me if I'm wrong, but aren't Kate and the white haired girl supposed to be childhood friends or something?"

"Sort of," I say. "They both grew up at the Beacon, but from what I've heard, Leila was more isolated from the rest of the group, due to her being a lessathi."

"Still," Daren says, "if they've known each other for so long, don't you think that they should have a little more to talk about? Maybe we could give them a push or something. You know, help them out a bit so they can get over the initial awkwardness."


[32] "Uh... okay?" Leila writes, looking very confused.

"Ignore him, Leila," Kate says. "Barry's just being an idiot again."

Leila then turns around, and Kate starts filling her in on the details regarding Eiden, and what my message meant.

"Damn it, Barry!" Daren says, in a low voice. "Don't you think you should be taking this message thing a little more seriously? We almost died because of it the last time Eiden brought it up."

"Relax," I whisper to Daren. "My deal with Eiden is already off. I was supposed to deliver his message to the first lessathi I encountered, remember? The first lessathi I met were Diane's friends. The reason why Eiden almost killed us was exactly because I failed to uphold my end of the bargain. The fact that he got over it so quickly and that he never actually killed us, shows that he never really cared about that deal in the first place. If he really wanted that message delivered, he could have just teleported next to the lessathi and told them the message himself, given that he already recognized their auras from a distance when I met them. Realistically speaking, Eiden probably already forgot about that message, and he'll never mention it to us again."

"I hope you're right..." Daren says. 

"At any rate," I say, "my joke from earlier was not made without a reason. Look!"

I then point towards Kate and Leila, who are still engaged in conversation, except the subject of their talk seems to have changed from Eiden and his plans to how much of an idiot I am.


[33] What I am looking for in particular are repeating crossbows that can fire at least five bolts before being reloaded, like the one I'm currently using. 

Two of the crossbows on display catch my eye, and they are both much better than the one I've got, but one of them is a lot more expensive than the other. With the amount of money I have right now, however, it honestly would not make much of a difference if I bought one or the other.

The advantage of the expensive one is that I can use it to shoot seven bolts before reloading, and it also has better power, range, and accuracy. The cheaper version is still better than the crossbow I have in every way, but it's not really comparable to the expensive one, and it can only fire six bolts before reloading.

I look around the ranged weapons section one more time to see if there aren't any other repeating crossbows that might interest me, but most of them are either not worth their price, or worse than the one that I already have. I guess I'm going to have to make a choice between the two crossbows that I was looking at earlier, after all.  


[34] What I am looking for in particular are repeating crossbows that can fire at least five bolts before being reloaded, like the one I'm currently using. 

Two of the crossbows on display catch my eye, and they are both much better than the one I've got, but one of them is a lot more expensive than the other. The expensive one costs almost as much as the scimitar I just sold, while the cheaper one costs three times less.

The advantage of the expensive one is that I can use it to shoot seven bolts before reloading, and it also has better power, range, and accuracy. The cheaper version is still better than the crossbow I have in every way, but it's not really comparable to the expensive one, and it can only fire six bolts before reloading.

I look around the ranged weapons section one more time to see if there aren't any other repeating crossbows that might interest me, but most of them are either not worth their price, or worse than the one that I already have. I guess I'm going to have to make a choice between the two crossbows that I was looking at earlier, after all.  


[35] What I am looking for in particular are repeating crossbows that can fire at least five bolts before being reloaded, like the one I'm currently using. 

Two of the crossbows on display catch my eye, and they are both much better than the one I've got, but one of them is a lot more expensive than the other. I could buy either of them with the money I have, but if I bought the expensive one, I'd have to be very careful with my budget in the future, and I likely would not afford to make any more expensive purchases for the duration of my stay here in Varathia.

The advantage of the expensive one is that I can use it to shoot seven bolts before reloading, and it also has better power, range, and accuracy. The cheaper version is still better than the crossbow I have in every way, but it's not really comparable to the expensive one, and it can only fire six bolts before reloading.

I look around the ranged weapons section one more time to see if there aren't any other repeating crossbows that might interest me, but most of them are either not worth their price, or worse than the one that I already have. I guess I'm going to have to make a choice between the two crossbows that I was looking at earlier, after all.  


[36] I decide to buy the cheaper crossbow. It's already leagues better than the one that I have, and it's not like I'm planning to participate in a sharpshooting contest. There is no need for me to buy the most expensive option available.

Once we're done buying what we need, I put my new crossbow inside my backpack, and then Daren and I exit the shop, heading directly for the middle of the marketplace. As we walk, I suddenly remember that there was something else I needed to buy while I'm still in town, so I tell Daren to go ahead, and I go to enter the potions shop.

"Barry?" Flower asks, as she sees me enter the building. "Didn't you go to buy some weapons?"

"Yeah," I say. "But I remembered that I also had something to buy from here."

"What are you buying?" Flower asks.

"...An anti-poison elixir," I say, a little embarrassed.

Flower's eyes turn blue, and Illuna just stares at me for a few seconds, without saying anything.


[37] I decide to buy the more expensive crossbow. I don't have any other ranged attacks, so I shouldn't be thinking about saving money, here. Quality is much more important.

Once we're done buying what we need, I put my new crossbow inside my backpack, and then Daren and I exit the shop, heading directly for the middle of the marketplace. As we walk, I suddenly remember that there was something else I needed to buy while I'm still in town, so I tell Daren to go ahead, and I go to enter the potions shop.

"Barry?" Flower asks, as she sees me enter the building. "Didn't you go to buy some weapons?"

"Yeah," I say. "But I remembered that I also had something to buy from here."

"What are you buying?" Flower asks.

"...An anti-poison elixir," I say, a little embarrassed.

Flower's eyes turn blue, and Illuna just stares at me for a few seconds, without saying anything.


[38] "Hadrik," Daren says, "I get that you're trying to take Talmak's side because he's a dwarf, but that's just not how things work in a magic duel. You can't win a fight through raw power alone. You need to have some versatility. As a generalist, Azarius can use spells of many different types, which makes his attacks a lot more unpredictable. Specialists will always be at a disadvantage when fighting against generalists for this reason. That's why I tried my best to master both enchantment and white magic, during my lifetime. Limiting myself to only one specialization would have given me far less options when fighting against other trained mages."

"Oh, come on!" Hadrik says. "It's not like Talmak can only cast earth magic. You've seen him at the last year's sage contest. He can cast lightning magic too. And a whole bunch of other spells!"

"Yes," Daren says. "Basic spells. I never saw him cast any complex spells outside of his own specialization."

"Does it matter if they're simple spells?" Hadrik says. "He can just use his huge energy to boost them and then they'll be just as strong as the more complex spells!"


[39] "He does have a point, though. I mean, Azarius is pretty old."

"Hah!" Hadrik says. "See? Not even Barry thinks he'd win! And he's from the Western Continent!"

"Eh..." Daren says. "It's not like being from the Western Continent means you automatically have to root for the Sage of the West. Still, I stand by my previous statement. While Talmak may indeed give Azarius a hard time in a duel, there's no way he'd win if Azarius fought seriously."

"Fine, fine..." Hadrik says. "Okay, I've got another one for you, then! Who do you think would win in a duel between Eiden and Arraka?"

"Didn't this fight already happen, though?" I say. "During the still winter, I mean. I'm pretty sure that Eiden ripped Arraka to shreds the last time they fought."

"Well, from what I've heard," Hadrik says, "the last time they've fought it was Eiden and the fox against Arraka, so it was a two on one fight."

"Yeah," I say, "but you're forgetting that Arraka was also fused with some other stillwater at the time. So it wasn't a two on one fight, it was a two on two fight. That's close enough to a duel for me. Like I said, Eiden mopped the floor with Arraka the last time they fought."

"Hey!" Arraka says. "Hey!!! What the hell are you talking about? Nobody mopped the floor with anyone! And Therius doesn't count! He was a weakling! You can't even compare him with the golden fox, let alone Eiden!"


[40] "Yeah, I honestly couldn't imagine Azarius ever losing in a fair fight."

"Bah!" Hadrik says. "Asking Barry is cheating. He's from the Western Continent. Of course he'd root for Azarius."

"That's just not true!" Daren says. "I come from the Southern Continent, but if someone were to ask me who would win in a fight between Azarius and the Sage of the South, I'd still pick Azarius, hands down."

"Fine, fine..." Hadrik says. "Okay, I've got another one for you, then! Who do you think would win in a duel between Eiden and Arraka?"

"Didn't this fight already happen, though?" I say. "During the still winter, I mean. I'm pretty sure that Eiden ripped Arraka to shreds the last time they fought."

"Well, from what I've heard," Hadrik says, "the last time they've fought it was Eiden and the fox against Arraka, so it was a two on one fight."

"Yeah," I say, "but you're forgetting that Arraka was also fused with some other stillwater at the time. So it wasn't a two on one fight, it was a two on two fight. That's close enough to a duel for me. Like I said, Eiden mopped the floor with Arraka the last time they fought."

"Hey!" Arraka says. "Hey!!! What the hell are you talking about? Nobody mopped the floor with anyone! And Therius doesn't count! He was a weakling! You can't even compare him with the golden fox, let alone Eiden!"


[41] "Again?" Daren asks Eiden. "Good gods! What will it take for you to stop stalking us?"

"There's no need to be so rude," Eiden says. "Especially when I came all the way here only to congratulate you on your magnificent performance in the arena!"

"Uh-huh," Hadrik says, not looking very convinced. "You sure that's the only reason why you came here?"

"Now that you mention it, there was another reason!" Eiden says. "You see, I couldn't help but notice that the direction in which you've been heading since you left the arena leads directly to the castle of Thilias. You wouldn't happen to be going there because the king Golmyck gave you some sort of a mission, would you?"

"What are you talking about?" Daren says. "We're only going to the palace to get some papers."

"Oh?" Eiden says, looking a bit surprised. "Well, then, I just wanted to let you know that if the king happens to give you a mission that is in some way tied to the well-being of the citizens of Thilias, you shouldn't really bother to complete it."

"Why not?" Daren says.

"Because the city of Thilias will not be around for much longer," Eiden says. "And neither will any of the other cities in Varathia, for that matter."

"Wait, what..." Daren says, but he is having trouble continuing his sentence. "What are you saying?..."


[42] "Again?" Daren asks Eiden. "Good gods! What will it take for you to stop stalking us?"

"There's no need to be so rude," Eiden says. "Especially when I came all the way here only to congratulate you on your magnificent performance in the arena!"

"Uh-huh," Hadrik says, not looking very convinced. "You sure that's the only reason why you came here?"

"Now that you mention it, there was another reason!" Eiden says. "You see, I couldn't help but notice that the direction in which you've been heading since you left the arena leads directly to the castle of Thilias. You wouldn't happen to be going there because the king Golmyck gave you some sort of a mission, would you?"

"What are you talking about?" Daren says, feigning ignorance. "We're only going to the palace to get some papers."

"Oh?" Eiden says, in a tone suggesting that he doesn't believe Daren at all. "Well, in either case, I just wanted to let you know that if the king happens to give you a mission that is in some way tied to the well-being of the citizens of Thilias, you shouldn't really bother to complete it."

"Why not?" Daren says.

"Because the city of Thilias will not be around for much longer," Eiden says. "And neither will any of the other cities in Varathia, for that matter."

"Wait, what..." Daren says, but he is having trouble continuing his sentence. "What are you saying?..."


[43] "You bastard!" Daren says, with his eyes full of hatred. "I'm not going to let you do this!"

"Why, Daren," Eiden says, "I thought that you of all people would have every reason to be happy due to this turn of events! Weren't you the one who told me that as long as you never give up, you can find a way to save everyone? Well, I've found a way! A way to save them all from their misery. I assure you that a quick death would be a much better fate than most of these people deserve, and as for the rest--"

"Oh, shut up," I interrupt Eiden.

"Pardon?" Eiden asks me.

"I've had it with your crap," I say. "You're acting like a spoiled child throwing a tantrum. Whenever something doesn't go your way, you break all of the toys and make a mess of the playground, leaving the adults to clean up after you. You did the same thing with Olmnar. Is blowing up a city your standard solution to everything?"

Every one of my friends, including Daren, are looking way too shocked at my sudden outburst to be able to say anything, and they're all just staring at me in disbelief. Eiden is also looking directly at me, with his eyes closed, but his smile is now gone from his face.

"What are you getting at?" Eiden asks me, calmly.


[44] I recognize this spell. It's the same as one of the spells that I got access to when I was fighting Tyrath with my powered up stat device. If I can just walk far enough in one direction, the spell will get cancelled immediately, and Eiden won't be able to cast it again for the rest of the day.

I try to jump back, but I suddenly realize that there's an invisible wall behind me, blocking my way. Eiden, who is now only one foot away from me, is looking at me with his eyes open, and a very dark expression on his face.

"What's the matter, Barry?" Eiden says, in a calm but menacing tone. "Didn't you say that I was the coward? Why are you trying to run away?"

"I wasn't running anywhere," I say. "I was just trying to cancel your spell."

"You know..." Eiden says. "It has been a very long while since someone's made me this angry. I'll have to hand it to you, Barry. You have a very unique talent at pushing people's buttons. Tell me, do you enjoy risking death with every possible opportunity? Do you really want to die that much?"

"You're not going to kill me," I say.

"Why not?" Eiden says.

"Because deep down, you know I'm right," I say. "Everything I said about you was true. Otherwise you wouldn't have gotten so pissed off about it. Killing me now would only serve to prove my point, and that's the last thing you want."


[45] I decide to stand my ground and to look Eiden straight in the eyes, as he approaches me. When he gets about a foot away from me, he stops and he opens his eyes, looking at me with a very dark expression on his face. 

"You know..." Eiden says. "It has been a very long while since someone's made me this angry. I'll have to hand it to you, Barry. You have a very unique talent at pushing people's buttons. Tell me, do you enjoy risking death with every possible opportunity? Do you really want to die that much?"

"You're not going to kill me," I say.

"Why not?" Eiden says.

"Because deep down, you know I'm right," I say. "Everything I said about you was true. Otherwise you wouldn't have gotten so pissed off about it. Killing me now would only serve to prove my point, and that's the last thing you want."


[46] While I was talking, some of the anger has slowly vanished from Eiden's eyes, and he now looks a bit calmer than before. I also noticed that he's been stretching his right arm to the side every once in a while ever since he stopped in front of me, but I have no idea for what reason.

"One of the benefits of being very good at reading auras," Eiden says, "is that you can tell at every point during a conversation not only if a person is lying, but also if they are hesitating in some way, from the fluctuations in their aura. The fact that you were neither lying nor being hesitant at any point during your speech just now is something that I find truly fascinating."

Eiden takes a few moments to consider his next words, while he stretches his right arm to the side once more.


[47] "While I do commend you for figuring this out all by yourself," Eiden says, "I really don't see how this could possibly help you with--"

"It was the same with Daren, wasn't it?" I say. "That time when you put him to sleep despite all of his protections was also because you exploited some technicality, and not because your spell ignored all the laws of magic!"

"Oh?" Eiden asks, while raising his eyebrows with his eyes closed. "And what technicality might that be?"

After pausing for a few seconds to think, the answer suddenly comes to me, as if it were as clear as the light of day.

"Protection overload..." I say, as I see Eiden's expression change a bit, even with his eyes closed. "That's it, isn't it? I heard that this only happens to very skilled mages that go overboard with casting protections on themselves, without taking into account that some of those spells might actually do more harm than good, because they are in conflict with each other. If you're not careful, you could end up generating small openings in your defenses that could easily be exploited by someone that is skilled at reading the flow of auras. I could totally see Daren making a mistake like this." 


[48] Eiden laughs.

"So, you aim not only to achieve what I couldn't accomplish in a lifetime," he says, "but also to eventually defeat me in an actual battle. And here I was, thinking that I wouldn't have anything interesting to do until the end of this tournament."

He pauses.

"Very well!" Eiden says. "In that case, I'll be looking forward to your progress. And I will also be monitoring your activity within the cities, as I said earlier. Now then, would you happen to have any more questions, before I take my leave?"

"Just one," I say. "What is the Magium?"

Eiden grins.

"You weren't seriously expecting to get an answer to that question so easily, were you?" he says.

"No," I say, "but it was worth a shot."


[49] The seventh chapter is now available.

Tap the button below to proceed.


[50] The seventh chapter is now available.

Tap the button below to proceed.


[51] The seventh chapter is now available.

Tap the button below to proceed.


[52] The seventh chapter is now available.

Tap the button below to proceed.

