
[1] 

[2] "Well, if everyone's on board with this," Daren says, "then we'll get started with the enchanter's oath right away. Does anyone have any suggestions for things that we should not forget to include in this oath? So far, Melindra has agreed to vow that she won't cause any harm to us, and that she won't back out of the deal after we've fulfilled our end of the bargain, but maybe there's something else we need to add, to make sure that the deal is made in good faith?"


[3] "Excuse me," Leila writes, as she pulls lightly on Melindra's sleeve.

"Yes?" Melindra says, looking at Leila, curiously.

"I have a question," Leila writes. "Are you able to tell the difference between lessathi and half-lessathi just by the feel of their aura?"

"Yes," Melindra says. "I've met enough half-lessathi in my lifetime to be able to make the distinction. You need to have a pretty keen magical sense to notice the difference, though."


[4] "He told me that we should wait for about an hour before heading for the palace," I say, "because he still had to arrange a few things with his army. I suggest we do some shopping in the meantime. I've seen plenty of shops while we were walking between the palace and the arena, and we won't really get any other chance to buy stuff for a very long time after we leave Thilias."

"Yeah, that would probably be for the best," Daren says.


[5] "Was this when they decided to ban you from the magical plane?" I ask her.

"No, it was some time after that," Arraka says. "When they realized that they couldn't amass their followers with the speed that I was absorbing other spirits, they had some sort of a meeting, where they invited all of the powerful spirits in the realm, including the ones who did not call themselves gods, like the golden fox, who was still in the magical plane at the time. In that meeting, they decided to ban me from their realm, along with every other female spirit that belonged to what you people call 'civilized races' here on the earthen plane. You know, like humans, elves, gnomes and the like."


[6] "Why are you acting so surprised?" Illuna says. "You have a clear image of how I look inside your own mind. Don't tell me that this is the first time you've noticed my pointy ears in the past two decades..."

"Oh, I've noticed them," Flower says, "but I always figured that this was just the way I imagined you, and that it didn't have anything to do with the way you really looked."

"So," I say, "you're telling me that we've been treating you two as if you were part of a monster race, but all this time you were in fact elven spirits?"

"Yes, that's what we are saying," Illuna says.

"It never ceases to amaze me just how bad these people can be at reading auras," Arraka says. "No wonder they still haven't figured out why their women can't be born as mages after all this time. If they can't even tell our races apart, then they have no chance of figuring it out by themselves."


[7] "Yeah, the one with the illusions," Arraka says. "I'm not sure how he came up with the idea, or how he managed to actually convince so many of the spirits to follow his plan, but what they basically did was to mess with the whole system that is in charge of assigning spirits to the magical plane, and they reprogrammed it in a way that assigns female spirits of the civilized races to the earthen plane instead."

"You can do that?" I say.

"Well, obviously it's not easy," Arraka says. "And you need a tremendous amount of energy to pull it off even if you figure out how to do it, but the bastards managed to rally enough of the spirits on their side to actually get the job done."


[8] "Ahahahaha!" Arraka says. "You came here to fight for the Magium, but you don't even know what it is? Oh, man, that's rich! I'd be crying from laughter if I weren't living in an amulet without a body. I can't believe you people... You actually... You actually came here without even... Ahahahaha!"

"Knock it off!" I tell her. "Are you going to tell me what the Magium is or not?"

Arraka ignores me completely and she just keeps laughing and laughing, without giving signs of planning to stop anytime soon.


[9] Once we are inside the weapons shop, the first thing I do is to approach the shopkeeper about my scimitars. It takes a bit of haggling, but in the end I manage to convince him to buy one of the two weapons for seventy gold coins, while keeping the other one for myself. As soon as I am done with the selling, I immediately move over to the crossbow section, to see if I can find anything that would fit my needs.


[10] "No, I'm keeping it," I tell him. "I just wanted to know how well it measures up to the dagger that you enchanted for me. I'd say that they are more or less on the same level, right?"

"Pretty much," Daren says. "The quality of the metal is the same. But the longer reach could come in handy, so I see why you'd want to keep it."

Once we are inside the weapons shop, the first thing I do is to ask the shopkeeper where he is keeping his crossbows, and then I move over to the long ranged weapons area, to see if I can find anything that would fit my needs.


[11] "Forget it!" Arraka says. "I'm not going to sit here and waste time explaining to you how magic works. Tell you what. Why don't you ask Eiden directly what I meant? He's been standing there invisibly right next to you for the past twenty seconds, so I'm sure he doesn't have anything better to do, at this time."

As soon as Arraka is done talking, Eiden dismisses his invisibility spell, while wearing his usual polite smile on his face, with his eyes closed.

"You just won't let me have any fun, will you, Arraka?" Eiden says.


[12] "You're saying you could have prevented this if you had my powers?" Eiden says. "You, who could not even deliver a simple message?"

"No," I say. "I'm saying that I could have prevented this even if I had no powers at all! You, on the other hand had all the power you needed, but all you managed to do was make things worse. What was the deal with Olmnar, anyway? Did you think that by destroying that city, the fox would forgive you? Is that what you thought? Don't make me laugh! If you're seeking forgiveness, then how about you start by fixing everything you broke and by not being such a damn coward!"

Once I finish my sentence, Eiden frowns, and all of a sudden, everything around me freezes, just like that time when I first fought the dragon. He then starts slowly walking towards me, while everyone except the two of us is frozen in place. He's looking pretty pissed.


[13] "I just realized why you've been stretching your right arm every so often since you cast the time freezing spell!" I say. "And also why you've been walking back and forth for the past thirty seconds. It's because of the warning message, isn't it? I also had access to that same time freezing spell back when you powered up my stat device, so I still remember how it works! You're not allowed to move more than a few feet from your original position, so if any part of your body goes over a certain boundary, you're going to get a warning message, telling you that if you don't retreat in the next ten seconds, your spell will get cancelled."

"And what makes you think that triggering this warning helps me in any way?" Eiden asks me.

"It helps you," I say, "because whoever designed that spell never bothered to take the actual warnings into account when calculating the duration! As long as you don't go too far beyond the boundary, and you retreat at the very end of the ten second countdown, you can practically add ten more seconds to the duration of the spell every time you do this. And since the time limit of the spell has been added by design, due to safety reasons, and not due to technical limitations, you could probably lengthen the duration of this spell almost indefinitely, if you're confident enough that you can keep it under control. So, that's what Arraka and Tyrath had been talking about all this time, when they said that you were using tricks. It's not that you don't need to obey the laws of magic because you're too powerful. You're just taking advantage of technicalities to get around the rules, and you make it seem as if it was thanks to your power all along. You're using loopholes!"

