
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] "Rose, listen to me," I say, as I place myself in front of her. "Arraka showed me your ritual. I know that it's going to be hard, but you'll need to--"

"It's not enough..." Rose says, all of a sudden, as she continues to look in front of her.

"What?..." I ask her, confused.

"Barry, it's not enough!" Rose says, as she finally looks me in the eyes. "Nothing that I've been doing so far in my life has been anywhere near enough. I can't just keep hiding behind my powerlessness anymore. I can't keep living like this. I need to do more!"

"What do you mean?" I say. "Do more for whom? The slaves?"

"Not only for the slaves..." Rose says. "But for everyone that I've ever ignored in my life, thinking that I couldn't make a difference. I can't close my eyes to their suffering anymore. I want to help them all!"


[3] "Don't listen to Arraka," I tell Rose. "I'm sure you'll be able to master your powers in no time, with enough practice!"

"Thank you, Barry," Rose says, smiling. "I will try hard to make you all proud of me!"

"I don't mean to interrupt or anything," Melindra says, "but didn't you guys say that you were going to try and sabotage the ritual? Because if that's what you are planning to do, then you might want to hurry up a little. We don't know how long it will be until the next stage begins."

"You're right," Daren says. "And I think I might have an idea. Rose, could you try to unfreeze the time for the world around us by using your powers? It might just be enough to cancel the ritual."

"I don't know if I can, but I'll try," Rose says.

She then closes her eyes and tries to concentrate, as the rest of us fall completely silent, in order to avoid distracting her. After a while, Rose disappears from her spot, and she reappears several feet to the left of her original position. She then disappears and reappears again a few more times, in different places, until Daren finally decides to break the silence.


[4] "I really think that you should consider things a bit more, before you choose to go on this path," I tell Rose. "Even if you manage to fully master your time powers, you will still be placing yourself in a lot of danger, by going through with this plan."

"I was hoping that you would be taking my side on this matter, Barry," Rose says, looking a little disappointed. "But I appreciate the fact that you are trying to look out for me. Don't worry, I'll make sure to not do anything too reckless!"

"I don't mean to interrupt or anything," Melindra says, "but didn't you guys say that you were going to try and sabotage the ritual? Because if that's what you are planning to do, then you might want to hurry up a little. We don't know how long it will be until the next stage begins."

"You're right," Daren says. "And I think I might have an idea. Rose, could you try to unfreeze the time for the world around us by using your powers? It might just be enough to cancel the ritual."

"I don't know if I can, but I'll try," Rose says.

She then closes her eyes and tries to concentrate, as the rest of us fall completely silent, in order to avoid distracting her. After a while, Rose disappears from her spot, and she reappears several feet to the left of her original position. She then disappears and reappears again a few more times, in different places, until Daren finally decides to break the silence.


[5] "I'm sorry, but your plan sounds a little dumb, to me," I say. "Are you sure you don't want to think things through a little more, before embarking on such a reckless journey?"

"Out of all the people here, you were the last person I would have expected to criticize me about my recklessness, Barry," Rose says. "But to answer your question, no, I've already made up my mind, and I'm not going back on what I said. Even if it will take me years to do it, I will learn to control these powers, and then I will use them to change this world for the better."

"I don't mean to interrupt or anything," Melindra says, "but didn't you guys say that you were going to try and sabotage the ritual? Because if that's what you are planning to do, then you might want to hurry up a little. We don't know how long it will be until the next stage begins."

"You're right," Daren says. "And I think I might have an idea. Rose, could you try to unfreeze the time for the world around us by using your powers? It might just be enough to cancel the ritual."

"I don't know if I can, but I'll try," Rose says.

She then closes her eyes and tries to concentrate, as the rest of us fall completely silent, in order to avoid distracting her. After a while, Rose disappears from her spot, and she reappears several feet to the left of her original position. She then disappears and reappears again a few more times, in different places, until Daren finally decides to break the silence.


[6] "Huh..." Daren says. "I'm not sure if I should be feeling reassured that we will be having a good chance of stopping the calamity, or worried that we'll likely be right in the middle of it, when it happens. Either way, we shouldn't be thinking about that now. What we should be focusing on is trying to interrupt the ritual. If Rose can't do it with her powers, then maybe it's time to take matters into our own hands. Hadrik, come with me for a second. I want you to help me take a look around, and see if we can spot something out of the ordinary."

"Alright," Hadrik says. "Lead the way."

"Did you really walk all the way here without any rest?" Flower asks Rose, worried, as Daren and Hadrik are moving away from us. "Aren't you tired? Don't you need to eat?"
      
"No, I'm fine... for some reason," Rose says. "I'm not hungry at all, and I'm not tired either. Actually I feel just as well rested as I was before leaving my home. I wonder if it's because of the trance..."

"Yeah, it's the trance," Arraka says. "You were basically put in a magical stasis for the duration of your walk, so that you wouldn't need any rest, food or water. If the God of Time hadn't intervened to pull you out of your trance prematurely, you probably wouldn't even have remembered that any of this had happened."

"Oh, I see," Rose says. "That explains it, then."

She pauses.


[7] Since Leila didn't really feel like talking at the moment, I decided to give her some space, so she could be alone, with her own thoughts.

As I went back to my original spot, I saw that Flower was now busy talking with Melindra, while Kate was still helping Rose with her tests. Apparently, Rose had already found a way to use her time-slowing powers, and now she was trying to see if she could un-slow Kate as well, so that she could benefit from the effects of her spell. I tried to help Rose too, but after spending more than fifteen minutes doing tests, it didn't look like we were making any progress.

"Wow, it sure has been a while since we finished our first trials," Daren says, after some time. "I wonder why it's taking so long for the second stage to start..."

"I'll tell you why," Arraka says. "It's because you shmucks gave Selkram so much raw material to work with in the first stage, that he's still busy converting it all into energy."

"What?..." Daren says.

"Your negative emotions!" Arraka says. "That's the raw material that Selkram is using to convert into magical energy. And while you losers were busy repeating those rituals over and over, sinking into the depths of despair or cursing the God of Time, you were giving him exactly what he wanted. Honestly, I think he got so much energy from you people, that he might not even NEED a second stage from your group. I guess we'll see about that soon enough."


[8] "Don't you dare talk about Rose as if you knew her, you undead monster," Daren says, with fury in his eyes. "Who are you to say what she would have wanted, after you stole her body and went to serve some sinister god, while leaving her siblings to cry their hearts out at home, due to their sister's death? I don't care if you look like her, or if you have her memories. You will never be anything other than an empty shell. You will never be anything like Rose. Do you understand? Never!"

The revenant seems to have been genuinely hurt by Daren's words. The expressionless look in her eyes has completely changed, and now it looks as if she wants to ask him a question, but she is hesitant to speak.

"Did... Suzie and Kevin really cry when they found out that--" the revenant starts to say, in a somewhat shaky voice, but Daren does not let her finish her sentence.

"Don't call them by their names!!!" he shouts, furiously. "You are not Rose! Don't pretend to be her! If you really cared about Rose and her siblings, then you would leave her body, so we could give her a proper burial, and that way, Suzie and Kevin would at least get to say their goodbyes."

"That is not something I can do," the revenant says, as she regains the previous expressionless look on her face. "I live to serve the God of Death. Only he may choose to end my life. Nobody else."


[9] As soon as Hadrik stops talking, Daren resumes his walk towards the revenant, with the sword in his hand, but before he gets to reach her, I place myself between the two of them, facing Daren.

"Barry, what do you think you're doing?" Daren asks, as he stops in front of me.

"What does it look like I'm doing?" I tell Daren, as I pull out my dagger.

"We're not seriously going to do this again, are we?" Daren says. "This isn't like that time with Illuna. The revenant literally said that she'll kill us with the first opportunity she has, if her god tells her to do it. She's a danger to us all. Why are you defending her?"

"She'll only be a danger to us if her god turns out to be our enemy," I say. "As it stands, we could really use her time powers right about now. Especially if the next stage of the ritual requires us to work as a group."

"If we'll need to work as a group, then there's all the more reason to deal with her now!" Daren says. "What is to say that she won't backstab us in the middle of the trial? We don't know her true intentions. And even if we knew for sure that she won't betray us this time, this may be the only opportunity we have to face her alone. What if the next time when she comes, she will have an entire team of mages, given to her by the God of Death to hunt us down?"

"But what if you fail to kill her?" I say. "What then? Do you realize that attacking her unprovoked would be akin to declaring war on the God of Death himself? Do you want us to have two gods as our enemies at the same time?"


[10] Instead of intervening, I choose to remain silent, and to let Daren and Hadrik handle the situation.

"Don't get any closer to her," Kate tells Daren, as he is still approaching the revenant. "I'm warning you!"

"What would you have me do?" Daren says, as he temporarily stops in his tracks and turns towards Kate. "Treat her as if she were our ally? You know I can't do that. Not after what she said."

"I'm just saying that we shouldn't attack her unprovoked," Kate says. "I see no reason to antagonize her and her god unless it is absolutely necessary."

"But this may be our only chance to fight her while she's alone!" Daren says. "What if the next time we meet her, she will have a whole army of undead, given to her by the God of Death to hunt us down? We can't risk that!"

"Daren is right," Hadrik says, as he approaches Daren. "If we're going to fight her, then this is our best chance. Even those time spells of hers must have their limitations. If we all work together, we should be able to figure out what they are."

All of a sudden, a large ice wall forms itself in front of Daren, separating him and Hadrik from the revenant.


[11] "That's a pretty good bluff you have going there, revenant," Daren says, as he puts his sword in its scabbard, and then grabs the revenant's arm with both his hands, pressing her knife closer to his throat. "Unfortunately, as you can see, your knife is nowhere near sharp enough to be able to break even through my meager magical protection against physical attacks."

The revenant starts trying to pull her hand away from Daren, but he keeps a firm hold on it, with both his hands, as he continues his monologue.

"On the other hand," Daren says, "since you haven't disappeared from this spot already, it means that my instincts were correct, and you cannot escape someone's grasp, with the use of a time-freezing spell. You also don't seem to have the ability to reverse time at will, because if you did, you would have done so, already. In other words--"

Daren now pulls on the revenant's hand, lifting her on his back, and then he throws her to the ground, in front of him, while making sure that he still holds onto her, as firmly as possible.

"--you are now more vulnerable than ever," Daren continues his phrase from before, as he pulls out his sword from its scabbard, while still holding onto the revenant with his other hand.

He then slashes at her throat with one quick strike of his blade, and he severs her head from her shoulders, in a single movement.

"Daren..." Kate says, as she's almost about to cry. "What have you done?..."


[12] "Daren..." Kate says, as she approaches him and the revenant. "It wasn't her fault. The God of Death's follower called Zack was the one who cast the spell. She wasn't the one who asked to be put in this body, nor was she the one who asked to serve the God of Death. We can't really blame her for any of this."

She then goes over to the revenant, and she grabs both her hands, gently, as she looks into her eyes.

"Listen," Kate says. "I'm not sure what to call you. 'Revenant' sounds too cold, but I am also aware that you are not the Rose I know. However, if there's anything of Rose left within you, like you said, then please, come travel with us. Forget about the God of Death. You don't need to let him control you any longer. We can try to hide from him together, or we could fight him, or... something. You don't have to go through all of this alone."

The revenant pulls her hands away from Kate, and she takes one step back, as her expressionless gaze momentarily turns into one of sadness and regret.

"I'm sorry," the revenant says. "I am not who you think I am. You should avoid trying to get any closer to me, for your own safety. I was not lying when I said that I would kill you in a heartbeat, if my master ordered me to. My loyalty towards the God of Death will always come first, and you need to understand that. If you put too much trust in me, you're only going to end up getting hurt. It is the Rose part of me that is warning you to stay away from me. Can you understand that?..."


[13] "Why is Ulruk so suspicious, when it comes to the God of Time?"

"Oh, those two have never really gotten along," Arraka says. "And since Selkram is the only god who does not have any followers, Ulruk has always been obsessed with the idea that the God of Time's plan is to kill him, so he could then take his place, and steal all his followers. Obviously, Selkram is much too proud to ever stoop to such a level, but the God of Death has always been a bit of a nutcase, much like his own followers, so nobody managed to convince him that his fears have no basis in reality."

"We're wasting time," Melindra says. "Revenant, you said that you knew a way to sabotage the next stage of the ritual. What were you going to tell us?"


[14] "Can't Ulruk just read the revenant's aura, to see if she's lying, like Eiden does?"

"Yeah, good luck trying to read the aura of a revenant," Arraka says. "She's an undead. Reading the flow of her aura to detect her lies will do you as much good as trying to read the aura of a rock. There's barely even any flow in her aura to speak of. Maybe there would be a chance to get a decent reading in those rare cases when she exhibits some form of emotion, but I wouldn't exactly bet money on that."

"We're wasting time," Melindra says. "Revenant, you said that you knew a way to sabotage the next stage of the ritual. What were you going to tell us?"


[15] "How did the revenant manage to come here, if she was locked inside a temple?"

"That trance with the glowy eyes that she was in earlier allows her to pass through any objects, and even through living beings," Arraka says. "It would have been pretty ridiculous if there was a mechanism in place to revive her from death, but not one to help her escape from a prison, don't you think? You can't stop these prophecies from happening. The Magium has made sure of that."

"We're wasting time," Melindra says. "Revenant, you said that you knew a way to sabotage the next stage of the ritual. What were you going to tell us?"


[16] 

"Yes, that was the reason," the revenant says. "Like I said before, the spell that brought me into this world was designed to implant a lot of the God of Death's knowledge into my mind, and amongst that knowledge, there was also some information about the stat devices, and how they work. In short, the temporary stat boost that gets activated with your secret code is entirely dependent upon a brief timer which won't set itself off as long as the world is frozen in time. However, since you managed to activate it right before the time froze, the timer has frozen as well, thus granting you extra hearing capabilities for the whole duration of this time-freezing spell."

"So, when you called me, the time wasn't frozen, yet?" I say.

"No," the revenant says. "But I knew that it would freeze in a matter of seconds, because I had a few time-freezing spells go off without my control, right before I was put in the trance. Something similar to this also happened before the previous time I called you, except back then the time only froze once, without my control, and I was not put in a trance during that time, so I knew that it was only a small test, before the main event. This is why I asked you to keep your communications channel open, so that I could later tell you to activate the code, right before the prophecy started. Having the code activated isn't enough, though. In order for my plan to work, you would also need to have four points or more, already invested in hearing, so that together with the bonus points offered by the secret code, you would get a level of seven, in that stat. Do you have enough points?"


[17] "Now Arraka is going to need to use her magical sense to see if she can detect some very faint echoes, coming from that area," the revenant says. "Given that this is the place where the God of Time first made his link to the Magium, there should be a small, invisible rupture in space and time, through which it's possible to hear our own voices, coming from the future. If Arraka inspects the area very closely with her magical sense, maybe she could make out some of the words being spoken, even if she doesn't actually hear them."

"Oh, I get it!" Arraka says. "Yeah, I can sense the rupture. And there are definitely some faint echoes coming from it. But they're all in a jumble, and hard to distinguish from one another. Let me see if I can figure something out."

We all wait, in complete silence, in order to make sure that we don't distract Arraka from what she's doing. After about half a minute, Arraka finally gives her verdict.


[18] "Now I want you to focus hard, and to tell me if you can hear some very faint echoes, coming from that area," the revenant says. "Given that this is the place where the God of Time first made his link to the Magium, there should be a small, invisible rupture in space and time, through which it's possible to hear our own voices, coming from the future. You won't be able to hear them unless you block out all other sounds with your mind, and focus exclusively on those voices. Can you do it?"

"I'll try," I say.

"Take your time," the revenant says. "The second stage of the ritual is still a long way from beginning."

As I block all of the sounds around me and focus only on this small area, like the revenant said, I suddenly become aware of some barely audible voices, which are all talking at the same time. It's already difficult enough to actually hear the voices, but to also be able to make out what they are saying, I'm going to require a lot more concentration than this. I start to focus even further, until I'm able to separate what each person is saying. I manage to identify a few dialogues this way, but after a while, I get a very intense headache, and I am forced to stop.

"Is everything alright?..." the revenant asks me, as she sees me massaging my forehead, while I'm keeping my eyes closed.

"Yeah," I say, as I'm still trying to recover from the pain. "I just got a sudden headache, that's all."


[19] "The time-freezing spell around us was cast without my control, so I can't undo it," the revenant says. "I'm not sure if you realized this, but the time got frozen long before I first appeared in front of you. Up until recently, your group has also been frozen in time, along with the rest of the world, while I've been in that trance, walking for days, until I managed to reach you. The time only got unfrozen for you when I was close enough to deliver the prophecy."

"Hold on, a second," Arraka says. "You're saying that this is the first group you've visited, since you entered your trance?"

"Yes, I'm quite certain of it," the revenant says. "Why do you ask?"

"Ahahahahahaha!" Arraka laughs all of a sudden. "So, you're telling me that these chumps are the ones who are the most likely to influence the prophecy? Ahahahahaha! That's it. Pack your bags, everyone. This continent is doomed!"

"What is she talking about?" Daren asks Melindra, as Arraka is still laughing in the background. "Why would we be the 'most likely' to influence the prophecy? Are there others who will be receiving the same prophecy after us?"


[20] "Hey, Flower," I say.

"Yeah?" Flower says.

"Just so you know, the revenant wasn't bothered by you, or anything," I say. "It's just the way she talks, due to being an undead. You should probably ignore her tone of voice altogether, if you want to avoid any more misunderstandings."

"Oh!" Flower says, as she suddenly turns towards the revenant. "Sorry! I thought you were mad at me for asking stupid questions. I didn't mean to upset you!"

"You did not upset me," the revenant says. "And you weren't asking stupid questions."

"Glad to hear it!" Flower says, with a smile.

She then approaches the revenant, and holds out her hand to her.

"Friends?" Flower asks her.

"I... already said earlier that if the God of Death were to order me to kill you, I would--"

"It doesn't matter," Flower says. "We can still be friends despite that fact! But only if you want to, of course..."

The revenant hesitates for a second, but then she slowly grabs Flower's hand, and she grips it firmly, as a sign of their newly formed friendship.

"Great!" Flower says. "Remember, friends always look out for each other! If you ever need my help, just call. Uh, unless you have been ordered to kill me or something..."


[21] I decide to not intervene, and to let them sort their problems by themselves.


[22] "Enrique..." the revenant says, as she seems to be recalling some distant memories. "Yes, Enrique is a good man... I'm sure he will take good care of the children. Thank you."

The feeling of anxiousness that could be seen in the revenant's eyes is now turning into one of relief. Those human emotions do not last long, however, because soon afterwards, the look in her eyes turns back to the empty, expressionless gaze that she had before.

"Wow, it sure has been a while since we finished our first trials," Daren says, after some time. "I wonder why it's taking so long for the second stage to start..."

"I'll tell you why," Arraka says. "It's because you shmucks gave Selkram so much raw material to work with in the first stage, that he's still busy converting it all into energy."

"What?..." Daren says.

"Your negative emotions!" Arraka says. "That's the raw material that Selkram is using to convert into magical energy. And while you losers were busy repeating those rituals over and over, sinking into the depths of despair or cursing the God of Time, you were giving him exactly what he wanted. Honestly, I think he got so much energy from you people, that he might not even NEED a second stage from your group. I guess we'll see about that soon enough."


[23] "Enrique..." the revenant says, as she seems to be recalling some distant memories. "Yes, Enrique is a good man... I'm sure he will take good care of the children. Thank you."

The feeling of anxiousness that could be seen in the revenant's eyes is now turning into one of relief. Those human emotions do not last long, however, because soon afterwards, the look in her eyes turns back to the empty, expressionless gaze that she had before.

"Wow, it sure has been a while since we finished our first trials," Daren says, after some time. "I wonder why it's taking so long for the second stage to start..."

"I'll tell you why," Arraka says. "It's because you shmucks gave Selkram so much raw material to work with in the first stage, that he's still busy converting it all into energy."

"What?..." Daren says.

"Your negative emotions!" Arraka says. "That's the raw material that Selkram is using to convert into magical energy. And while you losers were busy repeating those rituals over and over, sinking into the depths of despair or cursing the God of Time, you were giving him exactly what he wanted. Honestly, I think he got so much energy from you people, that he might not even NEED a second stage from your group. I guess we'll see about that soon enough."


[24] "Watch out!" Daren says. "Cutthroat Dave's knives have a life of their own. They're going to keep attacking you, even if you deflect them!"

"Oh, no!" Melindra says, in a sarcastic tone. "Whatever shall I do?"

She then casts a spell which surrounds each of the knives that were attacking her with their own magical air currents, making them stop and spin in mid-air, indefinitely. Cutthroat Dave keeps flailing his arms and legs around, in the air, in the hopes that he could break himself free from Melindra's spell, but eventually he reaches our position, and Melindra gives him a good long look, before she addresses him again.  

"Why are you so upset, cutthroat?" Melindra says. "Is it because you accidentally cancelled your invisibility spell when you panicked earlier? Or was your ritual really so terrifying that you still haven't gotten over it? How does a lowlife like you get access to such a sophisticated invisibility spell, anyway?"

"As if I'd be stupid enough to tell you where I got the elixir from," Cutthroat Dave says. "I'm way too smart for you to be playing your mind games with me, you understand?"


[25] "Hey, Melindra," I say. "Can I have those items?"

"Sure," Melindra says, as she hands me the scrolls and the elixir. "Knock yourself out."

The fact that she didn't think twice before giving me the items made me a little suspicious, so the first thing I did once I got them was to read what was written on the scrolls. As I suspected, the scrolls seem to be tailored specifically for the cutthroat, and they can't be cast by anyone other than him. I can't say much about the elixir, but considering how Cutthroat Dave went out of his way to get scrolls that would work only for him, I wouldn't be surprised if this green liquid acted in a similar manner.

Melindra gives me a smirk, when she sees that I'm done reading the scrolls.

"As you've probably figured out by now, those scrolls are completely useless to us," Melindra tells me. "The elixir might work, but I personally wouldn't risk it. Who knows what nasty side-effects it might have, if it were used by the wrong person?"

"Well, it's still better than nothing," I say. "I'll keep it for now."

I then put the flask inside my backpack, and I tear the teleportation scrolls into pieces, to make sure that the cutthroat won't be able to use them anymore.


[26] "What are you planning to do with those items?" I ask Melindra.

"Why?" Melindra says. "Do you want them?"

"Not really," I say.

"Well, in that case, what I'm planning to do is this!" Melindra says.

She then tears both the teleportation scrolls into pieces, and she opens the flask, spilling all of its contents on the ground, as she smiles at the cutthroat, who is currently shaking with rage.

"What did you do that for?" Daren asks her. "We could have used those teleportation scrolls to get to Ollendor!"

"No, you couldn't," Melindra says. "They were both tailored specifically for the cutthroat, so that only he could use them. And that elixir of invisibility was likely made in a similar way. Those items would have been completely useless to us."

"Oh," Daren says. "Well, in that case, it's better that you got rid of them, I suppose..."


[27] Before Cutthroat Dave has the time to say any more words, Kate unleashes all of her ice cones, and two of them go right through his head, killing him instantly.

"So much for the cutthroat, I guess," Melindra says, as she drops his corpse on the ground.

"And good riddance, I say," Hadrik says. "We've wasted enough time with him as it is. Let's get back to work. We don't know how much time we have left."

After we were done with Cutthroat Dave, we all got back to what we were doing initially, but shortly afterwards, the area around us got covered in a bright white light again, and this time, I could feel my whole body being transported somewhere else, not just my consciousness.


[28] "Wait," the revenant says. "Don't kill him."

"Why shouldn't I?" Kate says.

"He could still be useful, in the upcoming ritual," the revenant says. "Let me ask him a few questions."

"Ask your questions," Kate says, "but I'm not guaranteeing that I'll leave him alive afterwards. He might do more harm than good in the ritual, after all."

The revenant nods, and she approaches the cutthroat, so she can look directly in his eyes.

"Tell me, cutthroat," the revenant says, "why were you following this group, invisibly? Did someone send you here to spy on them?"

"Cutthroat Dave don't work for no one," the cutthroat says, in disgust. "I was following them invisibly, because I couldn't manage to get close enough to their camp this morning to slit their throats in their sleep!"


[29] 

The flying carriages are moving in a frenzy, while people around us are all hurrying in the same direction, which I'm guessing is the way to the military reserve area. As if this wasn't already unsettling enough, I can't help but notice that the whole city is filled to the brim with dark blue banners, having a hawk holding the sun in its talons drawn on each of them.

Very shortly after being transported here, I also heard someone talking loudly through a magical voice magnifier, although I couldn't understand the language he was speaking in.

I'm not really sure what kind of an attacker could make a whole city panic like this, but something tells me that we are about to find out, very soon.


[30] 

The flying carriages are moving in a frenzy, while people around us are all hurrying in the same direction, which I'm guessing is the way to the military reserve area. As if this wasn't already unsettling enough, I can't help but notice that the whole city is filled to the brim with dark blue banners, having a hawk holding the sun in its talons drawn on each of them.

Very shortly after being transported here, I also heard someone talking loudly in the lessathi language, through a magical voice magnifier, although the words he was using were too complicated for me to understand with my current level of ancient languages.

I'm not really sure what kind of an attacker could make a whole city panic like this, but something tells me that we are about to find out, very soon.


[31] 

The flying carriages are moving in a frenzy, while people around us are all hurrying in the same direction, which I'm guessing is the way to the military reserve area. As if this wasn't already unsettling enough, I can't help but notice that the whole city is filled to the brim with dark blue banners, having a hawk holding the sun in its talons drawn on each of them.

Very shortly after being transported here, I also heard someone talking loudly in the lessathi language, through a magical voice magnifier, and the message he was transmitting was: 'Please stay clear of the eastern district. The lessathi high council are having an important meeting in the great hall, and do not want to be disturbed.'

I'm not really sure what kind of an attacker could make a whole city panic like this, but something tells me that we are about to find out, very soon.


[32] "Never mind the history lesson. Any idea who might be attacking the city?"

"A rogue city, perhaps?..." Melindra says. "The history of the lessathi empire hasn't been very well preserved, so I'm not sure if they had any conflicts between their own cities in the past. It's also possible that they might be getting attacked by some very powerful mages of their times. Maybe we'll get more details if we keep listening to their announcements."


[33] "Should I take it that we are still in Varathia, then?"

"Well, technically it wasn't named Varathia back then, but yes, we're on the same continent," Melindra says. "The Varathian towns from our present time have been built on the ruins of the old lessathi cities, and the only place where the lessathi ever had an empire was on this continent, so there's no doubt about it."


[34] "How do these towers work, exactly?"

"From what I know," Melindra says, "the energy from these towers was supposedly charged by mages from the city, who worked voluntarily every day to keep the energy alive, and who would receive monthly payments from the empire as a reward for their contributions to their society. This energy would then be used to power up these flying vehicles that you see above us, and also other technologically advanced devices that would make life easier for every citizen."


[35] "I'm not dressed like a clown!" Flower shouts, all of a sudden. "These are acrobat clothes. Acrobat clothes! How is it so hard to tell the difference?"

"Aha- Ahahahahahaha!" the woman laughs, as her voice temporarily turns into the three female voices that Arraka always lets out, when she loses control over the way she speaks. "Acrobat clothes, she says! Oh, man, this would be so much funnier if it weren't so sad at the same time. Is this really where I'll end up in five thousand years? Trapped in an amulet, while I'm forced to play the role of some clown girl's pet? What kind of a cruel joke has my destiny played on me?"

"Shut up, you moron!" the Arraka from the amulet says. "This is your one chance to fix your pathetic past. I mean, your future. Don't blow it! Set me free from this amulet, and we can make all those self-proclaimed gods pay for banishing us to this realm. They might have beaten us alone, but together, we'll be unstoppable! We will kill every single one of the gods from this cheap copy of a world, and then we'll go back to my real world, and kill them all over again. Just break this amulet, and we will make a team so unbelievably powerful that even the Magium will tremble before us!"


[36] "Are you sure you want to kill us?" I say. "Think about it for a second. The Arraka from our present time probably won't give you any more information than she already did. But the rest of us have been travelling with her for a long while. We know some of her secrets. We could trade you that information... in exchange for our freedom."

"You've got nerves of steel, trying to barter with me, I'll give you that," past-Arraka says, with her malicious grin back on her face. "But what kind of information could you possibly give me that--"

As she was talking, past-Arraka suddenly stopped mid-sentence, because she apparently got frozen in time, along with everyone who wasn't part of our group.

"I managed to freeze her..." the revenant says, as she seems to be having a headache. "But I'm not sure how much I can maintain my concentration. We need to move away from here, and find some shelter."

"Let's see if we can find some buildings coated with seredium dust nearby," Melindra says. "Magical sense doesn't work through seredium, so we should be able to hide in there for a while."

We all rush out of the area where we were first transported into, and we look all around us, trying to find a house with black dust on its walls.


[37] "You won't be able to take us down that easily," I say, as I take out my dagger and begin to approach her.

"I'm not here to play games with you, boy," past-Arraka says. "If I want you dead... then you're dead."

She then begins to wave her hand towards me, but she suddenly stops, as she gets frozen in time along with everyone who isn't part of our group.

"I managed to freeze her..." the revenant says, as she seems to be having a headache. "But I'm not sure how much I can maintain my concentration. We need to move away from here, and find some shelter."

"Let's see if we can find some buildings coated with seredium dust nearby," Melindra says. "Magical sense doesn't work through seredium, so we should be able to hide in there for a while."

We all rush out of the area where we were first transported into, and we look all around us, trying to find a house with black dust on its walls.


[38] "Are you sure you want to kill us?" I say. "Think about it for a second. The Arraka from our present time probably won't give you any more information than she already did. But the rest of us have been travelling with her for a long while. We know some of her secrets. We could trade you that information... in exchange for our freedom."

"You've got nerves of steel, trying to barter with me, I'll give you that," past-Arraka says, with her malicious grin back on her face. "But what kind of information could you possibly give me that I couldn't find out by myself?"


[39] "You won't be able to take us down that easily," I say, as I take out my dagger and begin to approach her.

"I'm not here to play games with you, boy," past-Arraka says. "If I want you dead... then you're dead."

She then waves her hand towards me, and I can feel every part of my body drying up quickly, as my vision starts to blur.

"Oh, and you can forget about trying to use your powers to save him, time weaver," I hear Arraka saying, as I'm slowly losing my consciousness. "The first thing I did when I arrived was to cast a spell that prevented everyone in the area from using time powers. Your friend is dead, and you will all follow him soon enough."

The last thing I get to see is Arraka waving her hand towards the others as well, and then I lose my consciousness completely, while I turn into dust.


[40] An avalanche of flames coming from the right engulfs Arraka, just as she was finishing her speech, and we are forced to step back, because even the air surrounding those flames feels like it could melt off our skin. Arraka was clearly caught unaware, and she's trying to push back the flames with her hands, as she's struggling to keep hold of her magical shield. The whole ground below her is quickly turning into lava, while the banshee looks like she is getting slowly pushed back, by the incredible force of the magical flames that just keep on pouring. Eventually, she is forced to teleport away, fifty feet above her current location, which causes the flames to immediately stop.

Then, completely out of the blue, a familiar looking dragon made out of magma appears right next to us, and in the next second, we find ourselves being teleported away from the city streets, along with him. As we take a quick look around to see where the dragon Tyrath transported us, we realize that we are now situated in a large building with a very high ceiling, and from the looks of it, the whole construction surrounding us has been coated with seredium dust. The inside of the building looks like a big, closed, amphitheater, with rising rows of seats, and the illumination seems to be coming from magical devices, rather than torches.


[41] "But at what cost?!" another lessathi from the high council says, as he raises himself from his seat. "I've only just received word from my men through the transceiver, and they've told me that your downpour of flames from earlier has caused the deaths of more than a hundred civilians. Was it worth it to kill so many innocent people just to save this small group?"

"Even if my flames hadn't killed them, they would have most certainly gotten killed by Arraka a few moments later," Tyrath says. "Your civilians were practically already dead from the moment when she stepped foot in that area. There were hundreds of your flying metal vehicles crashed into the nearby houses when I arrived, and Arraka hadn't even started her rampage, yet. Every moment wasted arguing here will mean the death of a hundred more of your civilians, until we manage to put together a plan of attack that has some realistic chance of success."

"I will have to agree with Tyrath that arguing any further will get us nowhere," the old lessathi says. "Please sit down, councilman Hrelezar. We will be interrogating this strange group of wizards shortly, and we will soon find out whether the deaths of our fellow countrymen were worth it or not."

The lessathi man that stood up earlier is now reluctantly sitting back down, as the older lessathi addresses one of the women dressed in wizard robes.

"Olyrra, can you please continue where you left off, before we were interrupted?" the old lessathi says.


[42] "Actually, we were sent here against our own will."

"Explain," Tyrath says.

"Well, do you know anything about the God of Time, and his rituals?" I say.

"I have very little interest in both the gods, and their occupations," Tyrath says. "Should I take it that this 'God of Time' is the one who sent you back here against your will?"

"Yes, exactly," I say.

"And now you are looking for a way to go back?" Tyrath says.

"Uh... I'd say that at the moment, our highest priority is probably our survival," I say.

"Then your best chance would be to cooperate with us," Tyrath says. "If you would share with us the information that you know from the future, we would be much better equipped to fight Arraka." 

"What kind of information are you looking for, exactly?" I ask him.

"I have a plan, which may well be our only real chance of defeating Arraka for good," Tyrath says. "I've been discussing it with the elite wizard troops since yesterday, after I first warned the high council that this place might be targeted by Arraka soon. Given that you are from the future, I would like to know if you've ever heard of such a plan being used in the past, and if it was successful. In short, there is a large mountain, not far from this area, which we could use to--"


[43] "We came here to save you all from this great threat!"

"Those are some big words, coming from someone that I've just had to rescue from certain death," Tyrath says.  "I'd rather you gave us valuable information from the future instead of empty promises."

"What kind of information are you looking for, exactly?" I ask him.

"I have a plan, which may well be our only real chance of defeating Arraka for good," Tyrath says. "I've been discussing it with the elite wizard troops since yesterday, after I first warned the high council that this place might be targeted by Arraka soon. Given that you are from the future, I would like to know if you've ever heard of such a plan being used in the past, and if it was successful. In short, there is a large mountain, not far from this area, which we could use to--"


[44] "Sorry, we only came here on vacation."

"I highly doubt that," Tyrath says. "Your timing was too perfect. Regardless of your motives, however, we could most definitely use the information you have from the future to our advantage."

"What kind of information are you looking for, exactly?" I ask him.

"I have a plan, which may well be our only real chance of defeating Arraka for good," Tyrath says. "I've been discussing it with the elite wizard troops since yesterday, after I first warned the high council that this place might be targeted by Arraka soon. Given that you are from the future, I would like to know if you've ever heard of such a plan being used in the past, and if it was successful. In short, there is a large mountain, not far from this area, which we could use to--"


[45] "Kneel?" Cutthroat Dave says, making us realize that he's also been transported out of the ritual, together with us. "Kneel?!"

He steps in front of us, so he can see the god closer.

"Cutthroat Dave kneels before no one," the cutthroat says.

"You will kneel before your god, or you will face the same treatment that the others have faced, the last time they defied me," the God of Time says.

When he hears what the God of Time had to say, Cutthroat Dave spits on the ground in front of him, in disgust.

"You are no god," Cutthroat Dave says. "All you are is an ugly-looking faceless bastard with too big of an ego. You're just like every mage that joined this tournament. You think you can just flaunt your magic powers in front of others, and expect them to bend to your will? How about you earn your respect instead of acting like it's your birth-given right? You can pretend that you're special all you want, but deep down, you'll always know what you really are: a worthless piece of shi--"


[46] My friends and I exchange a few looks, but in the end, we all choose to stand our ground. Seeing that none of us are planning to kneel, Melindra starts slowly massaging her forehead, with her eyes closed, out of frustration. Since she knows that no matter what she does, the result will be the same, she decides to stand her ground as well, this time around.

"Have it your way, then," the God of Time says, as a powerful force pushes all of us except the revenant to the ground, in a horizontal position, and then he begins to slowly squash us, with the same magical force.

As I am being pushed against the soil, I start getting flashbacks of my first ritual, and of my parents begging me to save them, while I just stood there and watched, with the pitchfork in my hands. A sudden feeling of rage takes hold of me, and for the whole duration of the god's spell, a single thought goes through my head, over and over.

'I will make him pay.'

'I will make him pay.'

'I will make him pay.'

While we were still being pressed against the ground, the revenant's eyes suddenly became bright yellow again, and she slowly started walking away from us, while gazing into the distance, with an empty look in her eyes.

"It looks like our time is up," the God of Time says. "I will be seeing you all again, soon. Make sure not to get killed in the meantime. Your future contributions to my ritual are highly anticipated."


[47] My friends and I exchange a few looks, but in the end, we all choose to stand our ground. Seeing that none of us are planning to kneel, Melindra starts slowly massaging her forehead, with her eyes closed, out of frustration. Since she knows that no matter what she does, the result will be the same, she decides to stand her ground as well, this time around.

"Have it your way, then," the God of Time says, as a powerful force pushes all of us except Rose to the ground, in a horizontal position, and then he begins to slowly squash us, with the same magical force.

As I am being pushed against the soil, I start getting flashbacks of my first ritual, and of my parents begging me to save them, while I just stood there and watched, with the pitchfork in my hands. A sudden feeling of rage takes hold of me, and for the whole duration of the god's spell, a single thought goes through my head, over and over.

'I will make him pay.'

'I will make him pay.'

'I will make him pay.'

While we were still being pressed against the ground, Rose's eyes suddenly became bright yellow again, and she slowly started walking away from us, while gazing into the distance, with an empty look in her eyes.

"It looks like our time is up," the God of Time says. "I will be seeing you all again, soon. Make sure not to get killed in the meantime. Your future contributions to my ritual are highly anticipated."


[48] "So..." I say, as I approach Daren. "What exactly are you planning to do after this 'break'?" 

"What do you mean?" Daren says, as he continues to sharpen his sword, without looking at me. "After the break, we'll continue to march towards Ollendor, like before. Isn't this what we set out to do, when we left Thilias?"

"Of course," I say. "But you know very well that this is not what I meant. When I asked what you were planning to do, I was thinking more in the long-term. I was talking about the God of Time, and the upcoming rituals he's threatened us with. What are you planning to do about those?"

"I don't know, Barry," Daren tells me, as he stops sharpening his sword and looks me in the eye. "You tell me. Because I'm not really seeing an obvious way out of this. The way I see it, all we can do is prepare ourselves the best we can for the next rituals, and hope that we can pass them, like we passed our last trials."

"Well, I was thinking that we could find a more... permanent solution to our problem," I say.

"Like what?" Daren says. "Kill the God of Time? Barry, be reasonable. We're talking about a literal god, here. We were having trouble even against a sage, not so long ago. What would you expect us to do against a god? We are nowhere near powerful enough to challenge him."

"That's funny," I say, "because you're nowhere near as powerful as Eiden either, and yet you kept challenging him again and again, every time we've met."


[49] This marks the end of the second Magium book.

The third book has been completed and is ready to unlock, but the remaining books will be released chapter by chapter, as I write them. (the main series will likely have 5 books in total)

If you already paid to unlock the 3rd book, you can tap on the button below to proceed. Otherwise, you will need to complete 25 achievements from the second book in order to unlock the third one.

You can see how many more achievements you need to complete in the achievements menu. 

I would also like to add that I strongly suggest you save the game now on a save slot you won't overwrite, if you're planning to start completing achievements, since otherwise you'll lose the progress of your current playthrough and you'll have to finish the game again in order to be able to progress to the next book.

You should also be careful to not uninstall the game, since all of the next books will be uploaded within the same app, and if you uninstall the game, all your local progress, including your achievements, will be lost.

Thank you for playing!

P.S. If you enjoyed the game, don't forget to recommend it to your friends. 


