
[1] 

[2] "Hey, that was not half-bad, herbalist girl," Melindra says, with an impressed smile. "Not half-bad."

"Rose, that was incredible!" Kate says, as her fatigued expression disappears from her face. "How did you do it?"

"I don't know," Rose says. "I feel... different. As if my head is being constantly flooded with information that I can barely process. I still can't use all my time powers, but everything feels so much more natural to me right now!"

"Hah!" Arraka says. "Don't get your hopes too high up, herbalist. This is only happening because you are still linked to the Magium. Once you'll be done with the prophecy, you will forget all about how to use these powers, and you will become the same boring, powerless girl as before."

"If I will forget how to use my powers, then I'll just have to learn them all over again," Rose says, with a very determined look in her eyes. "I will practice day and night, until I'll be able to use them perfectly. I don't want to go back to the way I was. This time, I want to make a real difference!"


[3] "Ahahahahahaha!" Arraka laughs all of a sudden. "So, you're telling me that these chumps are the ones who are the most likely to influence the prophecy? Ahahahahaha! That's it. Pack your bags, everyone. This continent is doomed!"

"What is she talking about?" Daren asks Melindra, as Arraka is still laughing in the background. "Why would we be the 'most likely' to influence the prophecy? Are there others who will be receiving the same prophecy after us?"

"Yes," Melindra says. "You are only the first group to be visited by the time weaver. Once the God of Time is done with his ritual, you will be frozen in time once more, and then the prophecy and the ritual will be repeated for other groups of people as well. Not only that, but this same prophecy will be delivered to you and the others at least two more times, before the events prophesized will come to pass, in order to announce you if any progress has been made, towards your goal of averting the disaster. The reason why Arraka said that you were the most likely ones to influence the prophecy is because the time weavers always visit their targets in order of priority, which means that your group may have the most decisive role in the events to come, depending on your choices."


[4] Could it be that she still didn't manage to get over what happened in her first trial? Come to think of it, she was also at the Beacon, so it wouldn't be too surprising if she got a similar ritual to that of Kate. That is not good... Kate might be strong enough to endure the emotional trauma caused by such a trial, but what about Leila? Maybe I should go talk to her, and see how she's holding out.

"Leila, is everything alright?" I say, as I get a little closer to her.

Leila looks surprised, when she hears my voice. I think she has gotten used to being ignored in these situations, due to her quiet nature and her generally weak sense of presence.

She raises her head, to look me in the eyes, and then she nods, slightly, in order to answer my question.

"I'm fine," Leila writes. "Just a little shaken up, that's all."

"Do you want to talk about it?..." I ask her.

Again, Leila looks at me surprised, for a second, but then she smiles faintly, as she writes a new text in the air, in front of me.

"Not now," Leila writes. "But maybe later..."


[5] Leaving these strange, tall buildings aside, what is even more peculiar is what's happening directly above us. Currently, there are hundreds of metal, horseless carriages, flying through the air, with people inside them. While these carriages are flying around, there are large holographic screens floating above us, picturing a man that is relaying the same message, over and over, in the Common language. The holographic screens look just like the ones that were created by Golmyck's illusion-casting device, when he announced our first objectives. The message that keeps getting repeated is: 'All non-lessathi citizens are to present themselves to the military reserve area immediately. We are under attack. I repeat, we are under attack!'.


[6] "Daren, wait!" Kate says. "You can't kill her. There is still a part of Rose that lives within her. You saw how she reacted earlier when you told her about Rose's siblings. Maybe there is still a way to turn her to our side. Maybe we can--"

"Rose is gone, Kate," Daren says, with a serious tone in his voice. "You can't keep living in the past forever. You need to let her go. It's what Rose would have wanted, if she were still alive."

"Rose would never have wanted you to kill this... person!" Kate says. "She would have wanted us to work together. You know this!"

"Sorry, Kate," Hadrik says, "but I'm going to have to agree with Daren on this one. We don't know what the God of Death is planning. For all we know, he may well be in cahoots with the God of Time, and they're still messing with our heads, as part of the ritual. We can't trust anything she says. We need to get rid of her, before she kills us first."


[7] He then immediately rushes towards the revenant, at great speed, and tries to punch her, but she just disappears, right before he lands his strike, and she reappears much further away from him, while looking at him with her usual lack of human emotion in her eyes. Hadrik doesn't let himself get intimidated, and he tries to dash for her yet again, even though this yields him the same results. The third time, it is Daren who tries to slash at her with his sword, but she effortlessly evades his attack as well, by disappearing and reappearing, like the last two times.

"What the hell?..." Hadrik says. "How do you keep doing that? I thought that the time was already frozen!"

"It is frozen for the rest of the world, but not for you," the revenant says. "All I need is to freeze you in time along with the rest of the world, and then I'll have plenty of time to move out of your way before you get to land your blow. But these powers are not good only for defense. They are also very useful for offense. Like so."

She then disappears again, but this time, she reappears right behind Daren, holding a knife at his throat.

"Do you surrender, healer, or do we need to continue?" the revenant says.


[8] A time-reversal spell?... Of course! Now I understand why I felt like I woke up from a dream. The time was only reversed for Daren and the revenant, so they were the only ones who got to see all of the spell's effects. For the rest of us, who were not caught in the spell's area of effect, it was as if these events never even happened...

"The time did not get reversed as a result of a spell that I cast," the revenant says. "It got reversed thanks to a trait that all time weavers possess, which protects them from getting killed before they finish delivering their prophecy. No matter how many times I get killed, the time will always reverse itself up to a point where I am safe enough to escape from peril. This is why I said that your actions were futile. Even if I were to die, you still wouldn't get to kill me for good."

"You're lying!" Daren says. "If what you said were true, then how did Rose die? Why didn't the time reverse itself to save her, like it saved you?"

"The only reason why the time didn't get reversed for Rose was because of the revenant spell cast on her before she died," the revenant says. "The Magium does not care who gets to inhabit a time weaver's body, as long as it can still fulfill its purpose of delivering the prophecy. Given that I was already scheduled to take Rose's body after her death, there was no need for the time reversal spell to activate, so I became the time weaver, in her place."

"So... Rose would have still been alive, if it wasn't for you?..." Daren asks.


[9] "The God of Death does not trust me," the revenant says. "He thinks that I am an undercover agent, sent by the God of Time to infiltrate his followers, and nothing that I've said has been able to change his mind on the matter. He even tried to kill me a few times, but he gave up after he saw that it was impossible to do so. Currently, I am not allowed to leave the temple that I entered when I first contacted him, and he is keeping me in the dark about most of his plans, out of fear that I might leak the information to the God of Time."

Arraka laughs.

"That does sound just like him!" she says. "Ulruk has always been very paranoid when it came to the God of Time. I can only imagine how shocked he was when he found a time weaver right on his doorstep, revenant or no. You'd better find yourself a hobby, because you're probably going to be sitting in that temple for a long time."


[10] As soon as the revenant finishes her sentence, we all turn towards Arraka's amulet.

"Arraka, will you--" Illuna starts to say, but she is interrupted.

"Yeah, yeah, I get it," Arraka says. "What do I need to do?"

"First of all, you're going to need to get as close as you can to the place where the God of Time first materialized into this world," the revenant says.

"I'm on it!" Flower says, as she jumps into the air and starts her fire jets.

She then flies all the way up to where the God of Time was floating when he first made his appearance, and she stops, turning her head towards the revenant.

"I'm here," Flower says. "Now what?"


[11] "No," the revenant says. "But I knew that it would freeze in a matter of seconds, because I had a few time-freezing spells go off without my control, right before I was put in the trance. Something similar to this also happened before the previous time I called you, except back then the time only froze once, without my control, and I was not put in a trance during that time, so I knew that it was only a small test, before the main event. This is why I asked you to keep your communications channel open, so that I could later tell you to activate the code, right before the prophecy started. Unfortunately, that is not an option anymore. There is also another way to find out the information we need, but it is less effective. Does anyone in this group have a particularly keen magical sense?"

As soon as the revenant finishes her sentence, we all turn towards Arraka's amulet.

"Arraka, will you--" Illuna starts to say, but she is interrupted.

"Yeah, yeah, I get it," Arraka says. "What do I need to do?"

"First of all, you're going to need to get as close as you can to the place where the God of Time first materialized into this world," the revenant says.

"I'm on it!" Flower says, as she jumps into the air and starts her fire jets.

She then flies all the way up to where the God of Time was floating when he first made his appearance, and she stops, turning her head towards the revenant.

"I'm here," Flower says. "Now what?"


[12] As soon as the revenant finishes her sentence, we all turn towards Arraka's amulet.

"Arraka, will you--" Illuna starts to say, but she is interrupted.

"Yeah, yeah, I get it," Arraka says. "What do I need to do?"

"First of all, you're going to need to get as close as you can to the place where the God of Time first materialized into this world," the revenant says.

"I'm on it!" Flower says, as she jumps into the air and starts her fire jets.

She then flies all the way up to where the God of Time was floating when he first made his appearance, and she stops, turning her head towards the revenant.

"I'm here," Flower says. "Now what?"


[13] She then points her palms towards her and says an incantation, as a white light surrounds the revenant for a few seconds, which then disappears almost as quickly as it appeared. In the meantime, I head back towards the ground, and as soon as I land, the air currents around me stop moving completely.

"It's done," Illuna says. "I finished casting the spell."

"Well, that's... something, I guess..." Daren says. "But I was hoping we could find some way to stop the next trial from happening altogether, instead of just gaining a small advantage. Revenant, couldn't you try to unfreeze the time for the world around us, and see if that cancels the ritual?"


[14] "I am undead, so I require neither food, nor rest," the revenant says, in her usual expressionless tone. "However, even if that were not the case, the trance that I was in earlier would have shielded me from any such problems. When you are inside the trance, your body is practically put in a magical stasis, of sorts, and all of your bodily functions are put on hold, until you are out of that stasis. If it weren't for the God of Time intervening in the middle of these prophecies, I probably wouldn't even have remembered that any of this has happened."

"Oh, I see..." Flower says, not being sure how to interpret the revenant's complete lack of emotion when talking to her. "Uh, sorry to have bothered you..."

The revenant looks at Flower, surprised, seemingly unable to understand why she apologized to her, all of a sudden. For a second there, it looked as if she were about to ask her what was wrong, but ultimately, she decided against it.


[15] "Leila, is everything alright?" I say, as I get a little closer to her.

Leila looks surprised, when she hears my voice. I think she has gotten used to being ignored in these situations, due to her quiet nature and her generally weak sense of presence.

She raises her head, to look me in the eyes, and then she nods, slightly, in order to answer my question.

"I'm fine," Leila writes. "Just a little shaken up, that's all."

"Do you want to talk about it?..." I ask her.

Again, Leila looks at me surprised, for a second, but then she smiles faintly, as she writes a new text in the air, in front of me.

"Not now," Leila writes. "But maybe later..."

Since Leila didn't really feel like talking at the moment, I decided to give her some space, so she could be alone, with her own thoughts. As I was going back to my original spot, I saw the revenant displaying a bit of emotion in her eyes again, as she was preparing herself to ask Kate a question.

"I... have a question to ask," the revenant tells Kate, with hesitation in her voice. "What happened with Kevin and Suzie? Did you have to leave them at an orphanage, or--"

"No, we didn't need to do that," Kate says. "We left them with Enrique. He offered to move in with the children, after he found out about Rose's death, so he will be taking care of them, from now on."


[16] Leaving these strange, tall buildings aside, what is even more peculiar is what's happening directly above us. Currently, there are hundreds of metal, horseless carriages, flying through the air, with people inside them. While these carriages are flying around, there are large holographic screens floating above us, picturing a man that is relaying the same message, over and over, in the Common language. The holographic screens look just like the ones that were created by Golmyck's illusion-casting device, when he announced our first objectives. The message that keeps getting repeated is: 'All non-lessathi citizens are to present themselves to the military reserve area immediately. We are under attack. I repeat, we are under attack!'.


[17] "You promise?" Melindra says, as she stares at the cutthroat with a look of curiosity in her eyes. "I am intrigued. Do you not realize who you are threatening, right now? Or has this tournament completely robbed you of your common sense?"

"You think you can scare me?" Cutthroat Dave says. "Just because you're a stillwater? Your friend in armor over there was hailed as a legendary mage too, and that still didn't stop me from bringing him to his knees. What makes you think you're so special?"

"Wait," Arraka says. "The healer lost a fight against this weakling? Ahahahahahaha! That's one of the most hilarious things I've ever heard."

"Who are you calling a weakling, you crappy piece of jewelry?" Cutthroat Dave says.

"He called me a piece of jewelry!" Arraka says. "Ahahahahaha! This is too much! I can't take it anymore. Somebody make him shut up, or I'll end up dying of laughter!"


[18] "Whoa, there..." Cutthroat Dave says, as he's now sweating a little. "Is attacking a man while he's defenseless the only thing you can-- what the hell?! Damn, woman, what is wrong with your face? That is one UGLY burn scar. What in the blazes did you do, pick a fight with a dragon?"

The cutthroat's words only serve to piss Kate off even more, and now she's preparing some extra ice cones, to make sure that he can't deflect them anymore.


[19] "Whoa, there..." Cutthroat Dave says, as he's now sweating a little. "Is attacking a man while he's defenseless the only thing you can do? How about we make this a fair fight, instead of you all ganging up on me, like some street thugs?"

Kate ignores the cutthroat's request, and she is now preparing some extra ice cones, to make sure that he can't deflect them anymore.


[20] When the light fades away, we all find ourselves in the middle of a city which is... unusual, to say the least. The first thing that catches my attention is that there is one very large black tower in every corner of the city,  and on top of each of these four towers, there is an incredible amount of magical energy, that can be seen even with the naked eye. The energy has a purple color, and it is moving wildly in every direction, as if it were trying to escape its prison. On each side of these thousand foot tall towers, there are big, floating platforms, that keep going up and down at a slow speed, and they seem to be carrying hundreds of people towards the levels of the towers that they need to reach.

Leaving these strange, tall buildings aside, what is even more peculiar is what's happening directly above us. Currently, there are hundreds of metal, horseless carriages, flying through the air, with people inside them. While these carriages are flying around, there are large holographic screens floating above us, picturing a man that is relaying the same message, over and over, in the Common language. The holographic screens look just like the ones that were created by Golmyck's illusion-casting device, when he announced our first objectives. The message that keeps getting repeated is: 'All non-lessathi citizens are to present themselves to the military reserve area immediately. We are under attack. I repeat, we are under attack!'.


[21] "Remember how in every one of the rituals so far, Selkram has sent you to relive events from your own pasts?" Arraka says. "Well, like I said before, neither of you have lived anywhere near long enough to have experienced these current events. So by process of elimination, the past that we are now exploring is most likely... mine."

Not long after Arraka is done talking, the whole sky gradually darkens, as a powerful, sinister aura envelops the area above us. The flying metal vehicles are now falling one by one, and crashing into the buildings below, while a woman in her late thirties is emerging from the dark clouds, and descending towards us. The robes she is wearing are similar to the traditional wizard robes that used to be worn hundreds of years ago, back when mages were still being called wizards, and that only traditionalist mages like Azarius are still wearing nowadays. As the woman gets closer to us, I see that her eyes are pitch black, and that she has a very familiar looking malicious grin on her face.

"Well, well, well..." the woman says, as she looks towards Arraka's amulet. "It looks like Selkram sent me a little present. You're all coming from the future, I presume? Let me check my future self's aura, for a second. Wow... So, you're five thousand years older than me, huh? I guess I must have gotten really senile with old age, if I managed to get myself captured in an amulet by a glorified circus troupe. Seriously, what even are you people? A little girl dressed like a clown? A giant masquerading as a dwarf?  A woman dressed in pajamas? It's like you're trying to compete for the most ridiculously dressed wizard group of the century."


[22] "Oh, yeah?" the Arraka from the present says, furiously. "You want me to tell you what your future holds, you arrogant buffoon? I'll tell you what's going to happen. You're going to get trapped in a mountain for thousands of years, and all of your plans of vengeance will go down the drain. You're going to be even more useless than I am right now. At least in my current form I can cast a few spells. But you won't be able to do anything. For thousands of years! And you deserve everything that's coming to you! I hope you'll have fun in your new prison, you stubborn piece of trash!"

"A mountain, you say?..." past-Arraka says, with a grin. "How informative. So all I need to do in order to avoid your past mistakes is to stay clear of any mountains, then... Perhaps you're not so useless after all. Maybe I should snatch you away from that girl's neck, and make you into a pet of my own, so that you can tell me everything you've learned during your extra five thousand years of life."

"You wish you could do that, you worthless copy of a banshee," present-Arraka says. "When I'll be done with you, there won't be a single speck of dust left from your carcass!"

"How about you keep quiet for a second, while I quickly annihilate all of your friends?" past-Arraka says. "We'll have plenty of time to talk afterwards, when I'll be wearing you as a piece of jewelry around my neck."


[23] As we keep running, the revenant suddenly gets a strong headache, which makes her lose control over her time-freezing spell. Once the time gets unfrozen, it unfortunately takes past-Arraka no longer than three seconds to teleport herself right in front of us, and to block our path.

"Such a shame," past-Arraka says. "You were so close to escaping. It's too bad that the time weaver couldn't hold on to the spell for just a little longer. Frankly, I'm surprised that she held out as much as she did. After all, the first thing I did when I arrived, earlier, was to cast a spell that prevented everyone in the area from using time powers. I'm guessing that she must have had a protection from dizziness of some sort? Well, no matter. In the end, it didn't help you in any way. The time weaver is too tired to concentrate now, so all you can do is--"


[24] "Nobody asked for your permission, you old fool," Tyrath says, in disgust. "You know full well that I wouldn't be here if the situation weren't as dire as it was. This... powerful female wizard named Arraka, who claims to have come from another plane of existence is a threat to us all. I've fought her soon after she first made her appearance, yesterday, and I can assure you that she is not an enemy to be trifled with. My whole army of dragons was completely powerless before her. Only I was powerful enough to hold her back, but not enough to actually defeat her. You should already have an idea of the extent of her powers, now that she's attacked your city as well."

"If you know how dire the situation is, then why do you bring uninvited guests in the middle of this very important meeting?" the old lessathi says. "What benefit could they possibly bring to us, in such circumstances?"

"These people are not what they seem," Tyrath says. "I overheard Arraka saying that one of them was a time weaver, while I was making my way towards this hall. And if you look closely, you will see that the aura coming from that amulet around the little girl's neck is eerily similar to that of Arraka. So similar, in fact, that I would be tempted to say that the two of them are somehow the same person. The Arraka we know was about to kill them all, before I intervened. Surely, even someone as limited as you could see the advantage of having these people as our allies?"


[25] "Didn't you find it strange that all your women lost their powers on the exact same day that the past version of myself made her appearance?" Arraka says. "Of course you didn't. You're morons. Well, let me spell it out for you. The reason why your women were able to cast magic until yesterday was because they were subconsciously linking themselves to female spirits from the magical plane. Since yesterday was obviously the day when I and all the other female spirits got banished from that plane of existence, their magic will never work anymore. You might as well give them some swords and shields to fight with, because that's the most you'll be able to get out of those troops from now on."

"You called the other Arraka a past version of yourself..." Tyrath says. "Does this mean that you're coming from the future?"

"Impressive, Tyrath!" Arraka says. "I never knew that you had mastered basic logic at such a young age. I guess that's why the other dragons made you their king."

"Spare me your insipid humor and answer me this," Tyrath says. "Why have you come here? Why were you fighting the Arraka from our time? Did you come here to avert some great crisis, or did you simply happen to arrive in this place by pure chance?"


[26] "Hah!" Arraka says. "I told you losers that you gave him exactly what he--"

"And your performance was the greatest of them all, Arraka," the God of Time interrupts her.

"What did you... just say?" Arraka asks.

"I wouldn't even have dared to imagine that you would contribute to my ritual out of your own free will," the God of Time says. "However, your feeling of pure dread at the thought of being completely erased from existence by the Magium was exactly what I needed for my ritual to be a complete success! I will be looking forward to what you will have in store for me, in the trials to come."

"You son of a--" Arraka starts to say, but she is cut off by the God of Time.

"Now, before I depart, I will ask you all to kneel before me one last time," the God of Time says.


[27] "I... think we should all take a small break, so we can clear our minds a little," Daren says, with a very tired look on his face. "Shall we all meet back here in twenty minutes?"

"Yeah," Hadrik says. "I could use a break right about now."

As everyone goes to find a place where they can be alone, for a while, Daren goes to sit on a tree stump, and begins to sharpen his blade, in order to make himself look busy.


[28] There is a short pause, after I ask my question, during which neither of us says anything.

"You want me to tell you how you can kill a god?..." Arraka says, as she seems to still be recovering from the shock of what I've just asked her.

She waits for a few more seconds, to try and figure out if I'm joking or not, and when she finally understands that I'm being serious, she starts to laugh. 

She laughs, and she laughs, as loud as she can, with all three of her voices, and it doesn't look like she's planning to stop anytime soon. However, I am not upset. This isn't one of her usual, mocking laughs. This laughter is one of excitement. She is enjoying this.

Arraka's laugh manages to grab the attention of everyone in the area, and they're now all looking at us, curiously. I pay them no mind, and I keep waiting patiently for Arraka to stop laughing. When she finally falls silent, she waits for a few more seconds, and then she gives me her answer.

"Barry, my boy..." Arraka says. "I thought you'd never ask!"

-----End of book 2-----

