
[1] 

[2] "Rose," Daren says. "That's... very noble of you, but you need to understand that you can't help people just through good will alone. You've already been doing more than enough by collecting herbs and curing the sick people of Thilias. You even gave Ella a home to live in, knowing full well what risks you were exposing yourself to. You can't just blame yourself for the things that would be impossible for you to do. Nobody is expecting you to go on a quest to right the world's wrongs. You're not even a mage. You have no power to change the world in a more meaningful way than you've already been doing."

"Don't I?" Rose says. "Then what about this frozen world, all around us? Was this not my doing?"

"It only happened because of the prophecy," Daren says. "You know very well that you've never had any control over--"

Before Daren gets to finish what he was saying, Rose disappears from where she stands, and she reappears about a dozen feet away from her original position, with a victorious smile on her face.


[3] "Rose," Daren says. "That's... very noble of you, but you need to understand that you can't help people just through good will alone. You've already been doing more than enough by collecting herbs and curing the sick people of Thilias. You can't just blame yourself for the things that would be impossible for you to do. Nobody is expecting you to go on a quest to right the world's wrongs. You're not even a mage. You have no power to change the world in a more meaningful way than you've already been doing."

"Don't I?" Rose says. "Then what about this frozen world, all around us? Was this not my doing?"

"It only happened because of the prophecy," Daren says. "You know very well that you've never had any control over--"

Before Daren gets to finish what he was saying, Rose disappears from where she stands, and she reappears about a dozen feet away from her original position, with a victorious smile on her face.


[4] "Rose, what are you doing?..." Daren asks.

"I'm trying to figure out how this works," Rose says. "I seem to be able to freeze you guys in time whenever I want, and the spell doesn't break, no matter how far I walk away from my original position. I can also unfreeze you at will, but no matter how many times I do it, the rest of the world still remains frozen. I don't understand. It's like the world around us was frozen in a completely different way than by using my powers."

"It was frozen with your powers," Melindra says. "But since you didn't do it consciously, you have no control over it. The reason why time was frozen was so that you could deliver your prophecy. Don't you remember what happened after you were put inside your trance?"

"I... do have some vague memories," Rose says. "I think what happened was that the time got frozen for everyone in the world, including you, immediately after I was put inside my trance, and then I walked all the way here, without stopping, for several days. It was only when I reached this place that I finally unfroze the time for all of you, so I could tell you the prophecy."

"Exactly," Melindra says. "It's all part of how these prophecies work. The God of Time may have found a way to sneak his own rituals in the middle, but that doesn't mean that you can just use your powers to unfreeze time completely."

"Hold on a second, there," Arraka says. "Rose, did you just say earlier that this was the first group you visited after you were put inside your trance?..."

"Yes, I'm sure of it," Rose says. "Why? Is that odd?"


[5] "Uhm, Arraka," Rose continues, "you wouldn't happen to know if time weavers had any other powers than freezing and reversing time, would you?"

"So, you want to practice, huh?" Arraka says. "Well, I'm pretty sure that you should also have the ability to slow down time. From our perspective, it would look as if you were moving really fast, though. The advantage of slowing down time is that you can also interact with other people, while doing it. I think you might also be able to un-slow people from time, in the same way that you can unfreeze them from time, as long as they are somewhere near you, but I'm not completely sure if that comes as a time weaver power, or if it's just a really complex spell. Aside from these powers, I can't say that I'm aware of any others."

"Thank you!" Rose says. "I can't seem to be able to reverse time at all, but maybe I'll find a way to use that time-slowing spell you mentioned. Let me give it a try."

Not long after her conversation with Arraka, Rose begins to test her powers, while Kate and Flower are helping her with some indications. In the meantime, Daren and Hadrik are apparently still walking around, trying to see if they can find anything unusual that could help them spot a weakness in the ritual. As I am looking around, to see what everyone is doing, I suddenly realize that Leila hasn't participated in any of our discussions, so far, and she has barely even moved from her spot since the ritual started. At the moment, she is just looking at the ground, while avoiding making eye-contact with any of us.


[6] "Well, I'm happy to have been of assistance," Daren says, in a dry tone. "I suppose this gives us more time to investigate the area, then. Come on, Hadrik, let's try interacting with more of these frozen insects and trees. Maybe we'll be able to find one that isn't protected by an invisible, impenetrable shield, so we can finally cancel this damned time-freezing spell."

Shortly after Daren and Hadrik begin their new patrol of the area, we hear a familiar voice, screaming horrified, about a hundred feet away from us. When we all turn around to find out who the voice belonged to, we see Cutthroat Dave, with sweat all over his face, looking around him, confused, as he's trying to figure out what's going on. I suddenly realize that Cutthroat Dave must have been the person watching us invisibly from afar that Arraka and the God of Time were talking about, earlier. With all the crazy stuff that's been going on since the prophecy started, I had completely forgotten about him.

"Oh, so you were our invisible stalker!" Melindra says, with a smirk, as she casts a spell on the cutthroat, to lift him in the air. "Why don't you come over here, so we can see you a little better?"

She then makes the air currents slowly carry Cutthroat Dave towards our position, as he is struggling in vain to break himself free.

"Let me go, you wench!" Cutthroat Dave says, as he sends some of his knives to attack Melindra.

Melindra uses a wind spell to effortlessly deflect the knives, and then she continues to bring the cutthroat closer to us.


[7] "Well, I'm happy to have been of assistance," Daren says, in a dry tone. "I suppose this gives us more time to investigate the area, then. Come on, Hadrik, let's try interacting with more of these frozen insects and trees. Maybe we'll be able to find one that isn't protected by an invisible, impenetrable shield, so we can finally cancel this damned time-freezing spell."

Although Daren and Hadrik got to patrol the area for quite a while longer, they didn't manage to find anything useful. Eventually, a bright white light covered our area once again, and this time, I could feel my whole body being transported somewhere else, instead of only my consciousness.

When the light fades away, we all find ourselves in the middle of a city which is... unusual, to say the least. The first thing that catches my attention is that there is one very large black tower in every corner of the city,  and on top of each of these four towers, there is an incredible amount of magical energy, that can be seen even with the naked eye. The energy has a purple color, and it is moving wildly in every direction, as if it were trying to escape its prison. On each side of these thousand foot tall towers, there are big, floating platforms, that keep going up and down at a slow speed, and they seem to be carrying hundreds of people towards the levels of the towers that they need to reach.


[8] "Then you are our enemy," Daren says, with a dark look in his eyes. "We've already seen what the God of Death's followers are capable of. There's no reason for us to think that your god would treat us any differently than the God of Time. There's no way we could ever trust you!"

"The God of Death has no quarrels with your group," the revenant says.

"But what if he did?" Daren asks. "What if he'd order you to kill us all, one by one. Would you do it?"

"If the God of Death would ask me to kill you, then I would do so without hesitation," the revenant says, without changing her expression at all, while she is talking. "It is not my place to question my master's orders, whatever they may be..." 

"Then you are too dangerous to be left alive," Daren says, as he begins to approach the revenant. "I will end your life here, before you have the chance to betray us."


[9] "We won't fail, if we all work together," Daren says.

"Daren is right," Hadrik says, as he comes closer to us. "Even those time spells of hers must have their limitations. If we all work together, we should be able to figure out what they are."

All of a sudden, a large ice wall forms itself in front of me, separating the revenant and me from Daren and Hadrik.

"How about we all calm down and take a break, before we do something really stupid?" Kate says, with an ice cold tone in her voice.

"I appreciate what you two are trying to do," the revenant says, as she steps away from me and goes to walk around the wall of ice, "but I assure you that it's not necessary. In fact, I think that Daren and Hadrik both need to experience the futility of their actions, before they'll be ready to work with me as a team. Please do not provide any help. I will fight them both myself."

"Those are some brave words," Hadrik says, with a grin. "Let's see if you've got what it takes to back them up."


[10] "How about we all calm down and take a break, before we do something really stupid?" Kate says, with an ice cold tone in her voice.

"Kate, I appreciate what you are trying to do," the revenant says, as she steps away from her current position and goes to walk around the wall of ice, "but I assure you that it's not necessary. In fact, I think that Daren and Hadrik both need to experience the futility of their actions, before they'll be ready to work with me as a team. Please do not provide any help. I will fight them both myself."

"Those are some brave words," Hadrik says, with a grin. "Let's see if you've got what it takes to back them up."


[11] "I only did what I had to--" I hear Daren saying, but all of a sudden, everything in my mind becomes a complete blur, and then I get the very weird feeling that I've only just woken up from a dream.

Instead of seeing the revenant dead in front of my eyes, I get to witness the scene where she puts a dagger to Daren's throat for a second time, except now she does not wait for him to grab her, and she immediately jumps back, making sure that she is no longer anywhere near his range of attack.

What is happening, here? Did I seriously fall asleep in the middle of the battle and had a dream where Daren killed the revenant? Could I have gotten hit by a mind-affecting spell without noticing? I can clearly tell that this is the reality, and that what I saw earlier was only in my imagination, but why would I have had such a vision in a tense moment like this?   

"No..." Daren says, seemingly in a state of shock, as he points towards the revenant. "That's not possible. You were dead! I made sure of it. Even a revenant will die, if their head is cut clean off their shoulders. And yet, I saw with my own eyes how everything got reversed, just like that time when Arraka got out of the amulet! Who was it that reversed the time, if not you?"


[12] "Yes," Kate says, with a somewhat disappointed look in her eyes, as she takes a few steps back. "I understand. I won't try to meddle in your affairs anymore. And thank you for the warning..."

"So, what are we going to do now?" Hadrik says. "Work together, like nothing happened?"

"It doesn't seem like we have much of a choice," Daren says, reluctantly, as he sheaths his sword.

"What about the God of Death?" Melindra says, in a serious tone, while she has her arms crossed. "What are you going to tell him when you get back, revenant?"

"If he ever asks, then I will tell him the truth," the revenant says. "I will tell him that I was the one who started the battle, because I wanted to prove my superiority. That way, there should be no reason for him to bear any resentment towards your group."

"I see..." Melindra says.

"However," the revenant says, "I do not think that the God of Death will ask me anything upon my return. From his point of view, nothing will have happened, since time will remain frozen until I come back. He will likely continue to ignore me, just as he's been doing ever since I first contacted him, and I will be forced to keep waiting in one of his temples, until he sees fit to give me an order."

"He's ignoring you?" Kate asks. "But... why?"


[13] "Well, there is a way to acquire hints about what will happen in the next trial," the revenant says. "The easiest method to obtain these hints would have been to make use of Barry's hearing stat, but unfortunately, that is not an option anymore."

"Why not?" I ask.

"Because you refused to keep the communication channel between our two transceivers open, like I asked you to," the revenant says. "There was an important action that needed to be taken on your part right before the time-freeze, but I couldn't be too specific about it, because otherwise the God of Death might have overheard our conversation, and arrived to the conclusion that I was conspiring with the enemy. Either way, it's too late for that now. There is another way to find out the information we need, but it is less effective. Does anyone in this group have a particularly keen magical sense?"


[14] "Well, there is a way to acquire hints about what will happen in the next trial," the revenant says. "The easiest method to obtain these hints is to make use of Barry's hearing stat, but unfortunately I was not able to communicate too much information to your group about this subject, out of fear that the God of Death would overhear our discussion, and come to the conclusion that I was conspiring with the enemy. I'm not sure how much of my message got through to you. Barry, did you manage to activate your stat device's secret code before the time froze?"

"Sorry," I say. "I don't know any secret codes for the stat device. I didn't even know it had any."

"I see..." the revenant says. "I was hoping that you would have known what the code was, given how much you've researched about stat devices in the past. If you had used that code right before the time-freeze, your hearing stat would have remained boosted, for the duration of the time-freezing spell. Unfortunately, that is not an option anymore. There is also another way to find out the information we need, but it is less effective. Does anyone in this group have a particularly keen magical sense?"


[15] "Well, there is a way to acquire hints about what will happen in the next trial," the revenant says. "The easiest method to obtain these hints is to make use of Barry's hearing stat, but unfortunately I was not able to communicate too much information to your group about this subject, out of fear that the God of Death would overhear our discussion, and come to the conclusion that I was conspiring with the enemy. I'm not sure how much of my message got through to you. Barry, did you manage to activate your stat device's secret code before the time froze?"

"Sorry," I say. "I didn't know why you wanted me to activate it, so I didn't want to risk it, in case it was a trap of some kind. Can I activate it now, instead?"

"No," the revenant says. "If you try to activate it now, it will only take effect right after the time-freezing spell ends, and it won't be of any use to us. The temporary stat boost that gets activated with your secret code is entirely dependent upon a short magical timer, which won't set itself off as long as the world is frozen in time. However, if you had managed to activate it right before the time froze, the timer would have frozen as well, and it would have granted you extra hearing capabilities for the whole duration of this time-freezing spell."

"So, when you called me, the time wasn't frozen, yet?" I say.


[16] "Well, there is a way to acquire hints about what will happen in the next trial," the revenant says. "The easiest method to obtain these hints is to make use of Barry's hearing stat, but unfortunately I was not able to communicate too much information to your group about this subject, out of fear that the God of Death would overhear our discussion, and come to the conclusion that I was conspiring with the enemy. I'm not sure how much of my message got through to you. Barry, did you manage to activate your stat device's secret code before the time froze?"

"Yes, I activated it," I say. "I also noticed that I still have those temporary points in my hearing stat that were technically only supposed to last for a few seconds. I'm guessing that you knew this would happen, and that's why you told me to do it?"


[17] "Yeah, I already have my hearing stat maxed," I say. "What do I need it for?"

"First of all, you're going to need to get as close as you can to the place where the God of Time first materialized into this world," the revenant says.

"Oh, okay," I say. "Melindra, can you--"

Before I even got to start my sentence, Melindra had already cast her magical air currents on me, which are now slowly raising me into the air.

"Yeah, that's what I wanted to ask," I say. "Thanks!"

I then raise my arms in the air, and I fly all the way up to where the God of Time was floating when he first made his appearance.

"Alright, I'm here," I say, as I stop in mid-air and turn towards the revenant. "Now what?"


[18] "No," I say. "Four is the maximum level I can have for a stat right now, and I haven't maxed my hearing just yet."


[19] "No," I say. "Four is the maximum level I can have for a stat right now, and I haven't maxed my hearing just yet."

"If the maximum level for your hearing stat is four," the revenant says, "then the only way to go over that limit would have been to activate the secret code when you already had four points in your stat. Otherwise, even if you have available points to spend, the stat device won't let you manually add any extra points, over the maximum level of four. Sadly, it seems that we will need to go with my secondary plan. There is also another way to find out the information we need, but it is less effective. Does anyone in this group have a particularly keen magical sense?"


[20] "Yeah, there's no way for me to get any useful information out of there," Arraka says. "If there were only a few voices, then maybe I could handle it, but there are just too many of them, talking all over each other, constantly, and they're too faint for me to be able to make any clear distinctions, by using only my magical sense."

"Are you sure?" the revenant says. "There's still plenty of time left before the second stage of the ritual begins, so there's nothing stopping you from trying again."

"No, there's nothing I can do, no matter how hard I try," Arraka says. "If you want to sabotage the ritual, find some other way, because this isn't going to work."

"Isn't there some way in which we could stop the next trial from happening?" Daren asks the revenant, as Flower is now descending towards the ground. "Couldn't you try to unfreeze the time for the world around us, and see if that cancels the ritual?"


[21] "If you needed to focus so hard that you got a headache, then you shouldn't force yourself any longer," the revenant says. "We wouldn't want you to faint of exhaustion in the middle of the ritual. Did you manage to find out anything useful?"

"Yes," I say, as I slowly stop massaging my forehead and open my eyes to look at her. "There was a woman whose voice I couldn't recognize, gloating about the fact that she had cast some sort of spell on you, to prevent you from concentrating on freezing time. That's about all the useful information I had time to gather, before the headache hit me."

"A spell that would prevent me from freezing time?" the revenant says. "It must be a dizziness spell of some sort. Does anyone here know how to cast any magical protections against dizziness?"

"Yes, I do," Illuna says. "However, I should warn you that this spell will also make you vulnerable to suggestion spells. Do you still want me to cast it on you?"

"If it's the only spell against dizziness that you have, then yes," the revenant says. "I'd rather protect myself against a known threat, than worry about a threat that may never come."

"Very well," Illuna says.


[22] "Yes," Melindra says. "You are only the first group to be visited by the time weaver. Once the God of Time is done with his ritual, you will be frozen in time once more, and then the prophecy and the ritual will be repeated for other groups of people as well. Not only that, but this same prophecy will be delivered to you and the others at least two more times, before the events prophesized will come to pass, in order to announce you if any progress has been made, towards your goal of averting the disaster. The reason why Arraka said that you were the most likely ones to influence the prophecy is because the time weavers always visit their targets in order of priority, which means that your group may have the most decisive role in the events to come, depending on your choices."

"Huh..." Daren says. "I'm not sure if I should be feeling reassured that we will be having a good chance of stopping the calamity, or worried that we'll likely be right in the middle of it, when it happens. Either way, we shouldn't be thinking about that now. What we should be focusing on is trying to interrupt the ritual. If the revenant doesn't have any more ideas, then maybe it's time to take matters into our own hands. Hadrik, come with me for a second. I want you to help me take a look around, and see if we can spot something out of the ordinary."

"Alright," Hadrik says. "Lead the way."

"Did you really walk all the way here without any rest?" Flower asks the revenant, worried, as Daren and Hadrik are moving away from us. "Aren't you tired? Don't you need to eat?"


[23] "Thank you," the revenant says. "I will remember that."

After a while, Flower goes to talk to Melindra, while the rest of us remain behind, waiting in silence for the next stage of the ritual to begin. In the meantime, Daren and Hadrik are apparently still walking around, trying to see if they can find anything unusual that could help them spot a weakness in the ritual. As I am looking around, to see what everyone is doing, I suddenly realize that Leila hasn't participated in any of our discussions, so far, and she has barely even moved from her spot since the ritual started. At the moment, she is just looking at the ground, while avoiding making eye-contact with any of us.

Could it be that she still didn't manage to get over what happened in her first trial? Come to think of it, she was also at the Beacon, so it wouldn't be too surprising if she got a similar ritual to that of Kate. That is not good... Kate might be strong enough to endure the emotional trauma caused by such a trial, but what about Leila? Maybe I should go talk to her, and see how she's holding out.


[24] After a while, Flower goes to talk to Melindra, while the rest of us remain behind, waiting in silence for the next stage of the ritual to begin. In the meantime, Daren and Hadrik are apparently still walking around, trying to see if they can find anything unusual that could help them spot a weakness in the ritual. As I am looking around, to see what everyone is doing, I suddenly realize that Leila hasn't participated in any of our discussions, so far, and she has barely even moved from her spot since the ritual started. At the moment, she is just looking at the ground, while avoiding making eye-contact with any of us.

Could it be that she still didn't manage to get over what happened in her first trial? Come to think of it, she was also at the Beacon, so it wouldn't be too surprising if she got a similar ritual to that of Kate. That is not good... Kate might be strong enough to endure the emotional trauma caused by such a trial, but what about Leila? Maybe I should go talk to her, and see how she's holding out.


[25] "Well, I'm happy to have been of assistance," Daren says, in a dry tone. "I suppose this gives us more time to investigate the area, then. Come on, Hadrik, let's try interacting with more of these frozen insects and trees. Maybe we'll be able to find one that isn't protected by an invisible, impenetrable shield, so we can finally cancel this damned time-freezing spell."

Shortly after Daren and Hadrik begin their new patrol of the area, we hear a familiar voice, screaming horrified, about a hundred feet away from us. When we all turn around to find out who the voice belonged to, we see Cutthroat Dave, with sweat all over his face, looking around him, confused, as he's trying to figure out what's going on. I suddenly realize that Cutthroat Dave must have been the person watching us invisibly from afar that Arraka and the God of Time were talking about, earlier. With all the crazy stuff that's been going on since the prophecy started, I had completely forgotten about him.

"Oh, so you were our invisible stalker!" Melindra says, with a smirk, as she casts a spell on the cutthroat, to lift him in the air. "Why don't you come over here, so we can see you a little better?"

She then makes the air currents slowly carry Cutthroat Dave towards our position, as he is struggling in vain to break himself free.

"Let me go, you wench!" Cutthroat Dave says, as he sends some of his knives to attack Melindra.

Melindra uses a wind spell to effortlessly deflect the knives, and then she continues to bring the cutthroat closer to us.


[26] "Well, I'm happy to have been of assistance," Daren says, in a dry tone. "I suppose this gives us more time to investigate the area, then. Come on, Hadrik, let's try interacting with more of these frozen insects and trees. Maybe we'll be able to find one that isn't protected by an invisible, impenetrable shield, so we can finally cancel this damned time-freezing spell."

Although Daren and Hadrik got to patrol the area for quite a while longer, they didn't manage to find anything useful. Eventually, a bright white light covered our area once again, and this time, I could feel my whole body being transported somewhere else, instead of only my consciousness.

When the light fades away, we all find ourselves in the middle of a city which is... unusual, to say the least. The first thing that catches my attention is that there is one very large black tower in every corner of the city,  and on top of each of these four towers, there is an incredible amount of magical energy, that can be seen even with the naked eye. The energy has a purple color, and it is moving wildly in every direction, as if it were trying to escape its prison. On each side of these thousand foot tall towers, there are big, floating platforms, that keep going up and down at a slow speed, and they seem to be carrying hundreds of people towards the levels of the towers that they need to reach.


[27] "Oh, so it was an elixir that made you invisible!" Melindra says. "Interesting."

"He also had an expensive teleportation scroll, the last time we fought him, which he used to get away from us," Daren says. "I wouldn't be too surprised if he also had some other magical items, hidden in his pockets."

"Is that so?" Melindra says. "Let's find out what else he has, then!"

As soon as she stops talking, Melindra casts a spell which makes a few items float right out of the cutthroat's pockets, and into her hands. In her right hand, she is now holding a small flask, which is closed with a cork and has a green liquid inside, while in her left hand she is holding two furled scrolls that are likely single-use teleportation scrolls, like the one that the cutthroat had used before.

"You thieving whore!" Cutthroat Dave shouts, furiously, as Melindra makes the flask float in the air, in front of her, while she unfurls the scrolls, to take a quick look at them. "Give me back my items, or I promise that you'll end up full of holes!"


[28] "You're all going to pay for this," Cutthroat Dave says, as he is looking at us, furiously. "You think you can just mess with Cutthroat Dave and get away with it? You're looking at the future winner of this tournament! You have no idea just how big of a mistake you've made."

"The future winner of the tournament?" Arraka says. "Damn! Barry, it looks like you've finally found yourself some worthy competition!"

"Shut up," I tell her.

"I think I've heard enough," Kate says, as she sends three ice cones straight for the cutthroat's face.

Cutthroat Dave reacts almost instantly, and he sends three of the knives that he had in his belt, to deflect the ice cones at the very last second.


[29] When the light fades away, we all find ourselves in the middle of a city which is... unusual, to say the least. The first thing that catches my attention is that there is one very large black tower in every corner of the city,  and on top of each of these four towers, there is an incredible amount of magical energy, that can be seen even with the naked eye. The energy has a purple color, and it is moving wildly in every direction, as if it were trying to escape its prison. On each side of these thousand foot tall towers, there are big, floating platforms, that keep going up and down at a slow speed, and they seem to be carrying hundreds of people towards the levels of the towers that they need to reach.

Leaving these strange, tall buildings aside, what is even more peculiar is what's happening directly above us. Currently, there are hundreds of metal, horseless carriages, flying through the air, with people inside them. While these carriages are flying around, there are large holographic screens floating above us, picturing a man that is relaying the same message, over and over, in the Common language. The holographic screens look just like the ones that were created by Golmyck's illusion-casting device, when he announced our first objectives. The message that keeps getting repeated is: 'All non-lessathi citizens are to present themselves to the military reserve area immediately. We are under attack. I repeat, we are under attack!'.


[30] "Why not?" the revenant asks.

"Cause the elixir I took didn't mask my aura completely, so I couldn't risk it!" Cutthroat Dave says. "I didn't think these bastards would have guards around their tents at all times. Since I'd already wasted my elixir for nothing, I figured I may as well follow them around until its effects were over, in the hopes that they'd leave their guards down at some point."

"But how did you find them in the first place?" the revenant says. "Who led you to their camp?"

"Woman, are you daft?" Cutthroat Dave says. "I told you I don't work for no one. I found them by accident. Nobody led me there. Now, tell your whore friend to put me down, so we can have ourselves a real fight--"

Just as the cutthroat was finishing his sentence, a bright white light covers our area, and this time, I can feel my whole body being transported somewhere else, instead of only my consciousness.


[31] As I look around, I suddenly notice that my hearing is no longer as good as it was before we were brought to this place. I quickly check my stat device, in order to confirm my suspicions, and I see that the three extra levels in Hearing granted to me by the secret code have indeed been lost.

"I can't believe this..." Melindra says, as she looks at the black towers in the distance. "Those towers coated in seredium dust look exactly like the kind of buildings the lessathi empire used to have thousands of years ago. I've only read about them in books. Even six hundred years ago, before the lessathi empire fell, you would not see something like this in their cities. The closest I've ever come to seeing anything resembling these towers was in Ollendor, where they are still preserving old relics from the lessathi empire's days of glory, but still, those were only ruins. For these towers to be in such good condition, we would need to have been sent back to when the lessathi empire was at its very peak. Four thousand, or even five thousand years ago! What is the God of Time thinking?"


[32] "I can't believe this..." Melindra says, as she looks at the black towers in the distance. "Those towers coated in seredium dust look exactly like the kind of buildings the lessathi empire used to have thousands of years ago. I've only read about them in books. Even six hundred years ago, before the lessathi empire fell, you would not see something like this in their cities. The closest I've ever come to seeing anything resembling these towers was in Ollendor, where they are still preserving old relics from the lessathi empire's days of glory, but still, those were only ruins. For these towers to be in such good condition, we would need to have been sent back to when the lessathi empire was at its very peak. Four thousand, or even five thousand years ago! What is the God of Time thinking?"


[33] "What the hell are you two talking about?..." Cutthroat Dave says, as he now seems to no longer be constrained by Melindra's air currents, and he is looking at all the flying carriages with apprehension in his eyes. "What is this place?"

"It's a city from the old lessathi empire!" Melindra says. "Haven't you been paying attention?"

"So, if we've been sent to the past again, does this mean that there are some events we have to repeat?..." Hadrik asks.

"No, this is a different type of ritual!" Arraka says. "Can't you see that you've been transported here with your bodies, instead of just your consciousness?"

"You're saying that this time we're allowed to change something that happened in the past?" Daren says.

"No, that's not what I'm saying," Arraka says. "The only way you can change the past is through a time reversal spell. This is obviously not our world. Neither of you were here five thousand years ago. We are in a parallel world, similar to ours, where the future hasn't happened yet. No matter what we change, here, it won't affect our reality."

"But then, what is the purpose of this trial?" Daren says.

"No idea," Arraka says. "But I do think I've managed to figure out why we've been sent here, of all places."

"What do you mean?" Illuna says.


[34] "So, if we've been sent to the past again, does this mean that there are some events we have to repeat?..." Hadrik asks.

"No, this is a different type of ritual!" Arraka says. "Can't you see that you've been transported here with your bodies, instead of just your consciousness?"

"You're saying that this time we're allowed to change something that happened in the past?" Daren says.

"No, that's not what I'm saying," Arraka says. "The only way you can change the past is through a time reversal spell. This is obviously not our world. Neither of you were here five thousand years ago. We are in a parallel world, similar to ours, where the future hasn't happened yet. No matter what we change, here, it won't affect our reality."

"But then, what is the purpose of this trial?" Daren says.

"No idea," Arraka says. "But I do think I've managed to figure out why we've been sent here, of all places."

"What do you mean?" Illuna says.


[35] "The Magium?" the Arraka in the woman's body says. "Ahahahahaha! You're treating the Magium as if it were some sort of a person, now? What kind of an idiot have I turned into over the years?"

"Are you going to free me or not?" the Arraka in the amulet shouts.

"No," the Arraka from the past says, now adopting a more serious tone. "I am not going to free you. You might have forgotten this, due to your old age, but I haven't yet grown as senile as you. Do you seriously expect me to believe that once you get out of that amulet, you will seek to ally yourself with me? Don't make me laugh. I know exactly what you're thinking. As soon as you'll get out of there, the first thing you'll do is to attack me, since I am by far the biggest threat to your existence. And with all the knowledge you've been amassing in those five thousand years, you may as well end up beating me. Why would I take the risk? It's much easier for me to just leave you inside that amulet to rot, until I can find a way to get rid of you for good. You should blame yourself for having been stupid enough to get trapped in an amulet in the first place. I assure you that I will not be making that same mistake any time soon."


[36] "Man, I'm so pissed off, right now!" present-Arraka says, as we run through the alleys. "If only I had a way of getting out of this amulet, I would rip that fake version of myself in half, and throw her to the dogs."

"Arraka, aren't there some houses in the vicinity that have walls you can't see through with your magical sense?" Illuna says.

"Huh?..." Arraka says, looking as if she's only now realized what we were trying to do. "Oh, right, let me check... Yeah, there is one. But it's pretty far from here. Take a left at the next crossroads, and go straight ahead. I'll tell you when to stop."

"Wouldn't it be faster for Melindra to fly us all the way there?" I say, as we keep running.

"No offense," Kate says, "but I think we can run faster than Melindra can carry us with her air currents."

"There aren't that many obstacles anyway," Arraka says. "It's just a long way until we get there."

"Where did that cutthroat run off to?" Daren says.

"He never came with us," Arraka says. "He ran in the opposite direction as soon as the time froze. That's probably a smart move. My past self will most certainly be coming for us, after all."


[37] "Man, I'm so pissed off, right now!" present-Arraka says, as we run through the alleys. "If only I had a way of getting out of this amulet, I would rip that fake version of myself in half, and throw her to the dogs."

"Arraka, aren't there some houses in the vicinity that have walls you can't see through with your magical sense?" Illuna says.

"Huh?..." Arraka says, looking as if she's only now realized what we were trying to do. "Oh, right, let me check... Yeah, there is one. But it's pretty far from here. Take a left at the next crossroads, and go straight ahead. I'll tell you when to stop."

"Wouldn't it be faster for Melindra to fly us all the way there?" I say, as we keep running.

"No offense," Kate says, "but I think we can run faster than Melindra can carry us with her air currents."

"There aren't that many obstacles anyway," Arraka says. "It's just a long way until we get there."


[38] "Well, there are certain events from your future that didn't exactly turn out the best for you," I say. "Wouldn't you rather have an edge, by knowing these things in advance? It costs us nothing to give you this information. This is not our world, after all. No matter what you choose to do in here, it will not affect us."

"Your offer would be much more tempting, if your real intentions weren't so transparent, boy," past-Arraka says. "I know what you're trying to do. You're trying to stall for time until your time weaver friend can use her powers to freeze me. It's not going to work. The first thing I did after I arrived in this place was to cast a spell that prevented everyone in the area from using time powers. I figured that one of you had to be a time weaver, given that Selkram was involved. Your friend over there has been trying to cast a time-freezing spell for the past minute, but she gets hit with a huge headache every time she begins to concentrate. Your desperate attempts to delay the inevitable have had no effect on your current situation. None, whatsoever--"


[39] Judging by the size of the amphitheater, I'd say that it could probably fit around a thousand people or more in those seats, although currently there are only a few hundred of them sitting on the chairs, while they're murmuring and looking towards us. If I were to take a guess, based on the important looking clothing of these individuals, I'd wager that these must be the people ruling this city, who were in an emergency meeting discussing about the city being attacked, before we interrupted them.

Meanwhile, in the middle of the amphitheater, where the dragon and our group are currently standing, there are also quite a few human mages gathered, all dressed in traditional wizard clothing, along with a few women who are dressed in wizard robes as well. A particularly old man with a long white beard, who seems to be the person presiding over the meeting, is now addressing Tyrath from an elevated platform, speaking to him in a tone that is somehow both polite and condescending at the same time.

"Who are these... strangely dressed wizards that you've brought before the lessathi high council, king of all dragons?" the old man says. "I thought we'd made it clear that this meeting was supposed to be held behind closed doors. When we invited you into our great hall, we did not give you permission to bring guests as well."


[40] "Yes, chairman Ezzeloff," the woman says. "As I've said, none of us have ever experienced anything like this before. Our magical powers have simply vanished, yesterday, and we found no way to bring them back. For some reason, only the women seem to be affected, but even some of our strongest female wizards have been reduced to simple commoners, in the course of a day. We've tried many methods to stimulate our magical auras, but none of them seem to work. If this doesn't get fixed, half of our elite wizard troops will be completely useless in the upcoming battle."

"This is grave news indeed," Ezzeloff says. "The female wizards from our elite troops were a force to be reckoned with. Our highest priority must be to find a way to bring their powers back, at all costs."

"Hah!" Arraka says, from her amulet. "You can try all you want. Your women are never getting their magic back."

"What are you talking about?" Ezzeloff says.


[41] "I'm gonna stop you right there, Tyrath," Arraka says. "First of all, the good news is that in our past, you did use this plan on me, and you did manage to successfully trap me in that mountain for a few thousand years. Now, the bad news is that I may have... accidentally told the Arraka in your world all about your plan, which means that you may as well scrap the idea entirely, because it's completely useless, now."

"You did WHAT?!" Tyrath shouts loudly, as the magma from his scales erupts like a volcano.

Before Arraka gets a chance to answer him, a white light suddenly fills our entire area, and once again, we are transported back to our own world, which is apparently still frozen in time. As we're all looking at the forest around us, the God of Time materializes himself out of thin air once more, floating a few dozen feet above the ground, in front of us.

"I'm afraid that we'll have to continue this ritual some other time," the God of Time says, "since I've already reached my limit for how much energy I can gather from a single group. Do not worry, you will have the opportunity to continue this trial from where you left off, as soon as the time weaver will be sent to give you the prophecy again. I would like to say that you've all performed much better than I expected. You have my sincerest congratulations. "


[42] Just as he was ending his sentence, Cutthroat Dave disappeared from before our eyes, and he was replaced by a faint, gray smoke that was now slowly raising itself into the air.

"What did you do to him?..." Kate asks.

"He will be spending some extra time in the world from your previous trial, as punishment for his transgressions," the God of Time says. "If he won't be dead by then, you will surely be meeting him again, when you will resume your ritual. Now, I will repeat myself one last time. Kneel."


[43] Almost as soon as the god is done talking, he and the revenant simply disappear, and the world unfreezes itself, making it look almost as if nothing had happened. Now that there is no longer a force pushing us against the ground, we all get up and we dust ourselves off calmly, without saying anything. Not even a few seconds later, I hear the revenant's voice, coming from the transceiver in my pocket.

"What happened after I was gone?" the revenant says, in a low voice. "Did the God of Time pay you any more visits while the time was frozen?"

"No," I say. "From our point of view, it's only been a few seconds since you left. What about you? Do you remember anything after you walked away from here?"

"It's mostly just one big blur," the revenant says. "I remember that the people I visited right after you were Azarius and his pupil, but I don't know what happened after that."

"Alright," I say. "Are you going to keep your transceiver channel closed from now on, too?"

"Yes," the revenant says. "I am still being closely monitored, and I don't want to appear more suspicious than I already am. If there's ever anything urgent, I will call you from my end. Take care."

"You too," I say, and then the revenant closes her channel once again.


[44] Almost as soon as the god is done talking, he and Rose simply disappear, and the world unfreezes itself, making it look almost as if nothing had happened. Now that there is no longer a force pushing us against the ground, we all get up and we dust ourselves off calmly, without saying anything. Not even a few seconds later, I hear Rose's voice, coming from the transceiver in my pocket.

"Is everyone alright?" Rose asks us. "Did anything else happen after I was gone?"

"No, nothing happened," I say, as I tap on my transceiver. "From our point of view, it's only been a few seconds since you left. What about you? Do you remember anything after you walked away from here?"

"It's... mostly just one big blur," Rose says. "I remember that the people I visited right after you were Azarius and Henry, but I don't know what happened after that."

"Alright," I say. "If anything out of the ordinary happens, don't forget to give us a call."

"I will," Rose says. "I have to go check on my siblings, now. We'll talk again later."

"Talk to you later," I say, and then I close the transceiver.


[45] "That's different!" Daren says. "Despite his power, Eiden is still a mage. We've all fought mages before. Some of them are more powerful than others, but you still have a general idea of what to expect when fighting one. But to challenge a god?... Barry, neither you nor I have even the slightest bit of experience in dealing with something like this."

"Then maybe we should ask someone who does," I say.

Before Daren gets to say anything else, I start walking towards Illuna, who was apparently having a discussion with Arraka. As I get closer to them, the two of them interrupt their conversation, waiting to see what I want.

"Arraka, I have a question to ask of you," I say, with a very serious tone in my voice.

"Uh, sure..." Arraka says. "Fire away."

"How do you kill a god?" I ask her, calmly.


[46] The eleventh chapter is now available.

If you wish to remove the ads from the 2nd book, you can do so by tapping on the corresponding button below. This will also unlock the 3rd book, which means that you will not be required to complete any achievements to proceed, after you finish the 2nd book. However, the 3rd book has not been written yet, and it will be published on a chapter by chapter basis, as they are written, starting with mid-September.

Otherwise, you can proceed to the next chapter by tapping on the "Go to next chapter" button.


--SUMMARY OF PREVIOUS CHAPTER--

After having defeated Sage Talmak and his team with the help of Melindra, Barry and his friends were just about to head towards Ollendor, but while they were walking, Hadrik noticed that the time had suddenly frozen, all around them.

sssssssssss