
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] "I don't think that teaming up with the king or Peter would be a good idea," I say. "They'll probably both be weaker here than on the earthen plane, and we'll just end up having to defend them throughout the whole battle. We'd be better off on our own."

"Well, if you say so, Barry..." Flower says. "Alright, I'm teleporting us to the Overseer directly, then. Are you ready?"

"Yep," I say, and then we both get enveloped by the usual bright light that appears when you are getting teleported.

"Here we are!" Flower says, once we reach our destination.

When I look around, I see that we're now somewhere in the sea of light called the ether, with the Overseer's green-eyed drone floating about two dozen feet away from us.

"Processing. Processing..." the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol thanks you for sparing it the effort of looking for you. Could you please state the purpose of your visit so that I may calculate my next few actions accordingly?"


[3] "Alright," I say. "Let's go to Peter first, then. Can you teleport us there now?"

"I'm on it!" Flower says, as we are both getting enveloped by a bright white light.

"What are you doing here?" I suddenly hear the voice of Peter, once we are done teleporting to our new location, in the middle of the ether.

When I turn to look towards Peter, who was somewhere around ten feet away from us, I see that the king of the underground was also there, like Flower said, and he had already created a body for himself in the ethereal plane. As I get a better look at the two of them, I notice the fact that Peter's eyes are not shining brightly like Flower's, which means that he must not have experienced the same evolution that would allow him to teleport over long distances and to detect souls on the ethereal plane no matter where they are.

"Well, we were about to go deal with the Overseer and thought that you might want to join us," I tell Peter. "What do you say?"

"You want us to go with you after you deliberately told us that you and the Overseer were planning to ambush us?" Peter says. "What kind of fools do you take us for?"

"Come on, Peter," I say. "Use your brain a little. That was obviously a joke. What would be the point of an ambush if I just announced it in advance so brazenly?"


[4] "Alright," I say. "Let's go to Peter first, then. Can you teleport us there now?"

"I'm on it!" Flower says, as we are both getting enveloped by a bright white light.

"What are you doing here?" I suddenly hear the voice of Peter, once we are done teleporting to our new location, in the middle of the ether.

When I turn to look towards Peter, who was somewhere around ten feet away from us, I see that the king of the underground was also there, like Flower said, and he had already created a body for himself in the ethereal plane. As I get a better look at the two of them, I notice the fact that Peter's eyes are not shining brightly like Flower's, which means that he must not have experienced the same evolution that would allow him to teleport over long distances and to detect souls on the ethereal plane no matter where they are.

"Well, we were about to go deal with the Overseer and thought that you might want to join us," I tell Peter. "What do you say?"


[5] "Planning our attack?" I say. "I was kind of assuming that we'd just teleport over to him and then figure out the rest when we get there. Is there really a plan to make when we don't even know the Overseer's full capabilities in this plane of existence?"

"I wasn't saying that we should anticipate the Overseer's every move," the king of the underground says, "but we should at the very least know what each of us can do before we head into battle. We don't want to risk getting in each other's way by accident before we even begin to fight, do we?"

"I suppose you're right," I say.

"Would you perhaps care to go first?" the king of the underground says. "I'm assuming that there must be some special reason why you are the one accompanying your ethereal friend and not any of the powerful mages in your group, correct?..."

"Oh, yeah," I say. "It turns out that being a mage doesn't really help you to cast magic on this plane of existence unless you're an ethereal or a being from the magical plane. I, on the other hand can cast a fair amount of spells in this plane, thanks to the extensive amount of knowledge in the field of magical theory that I've gained throughout my life, due to my never-ending quest of trying to become a mage."

"Fascinating..." the king of the underground says. "It's not that I don't believe you, but could you perhaps demonstrate a few spells for us so that we can have a general idea of how this works? Do your spells function in the same way as the ones on the earthen plane?"


[6] "With all due respect, my king, but calling this person a generalist is an insult to all generalists that have ever existed in our world's history," Peter says. "This man is nothing but a fraud. The fact that he could even dream to compare himself to someone like Brinhorn shows us what little understanding of magical theory he actually has! Brinhorn is someone who has been challenging Azarius for the title of Sage of the West almost every year for as long as I can remember! Who does this 'Barry' think he is to speak that man's name with such ease?"

"You could also say that Brinhorn has been losing against Azarius every year and you'd be just as accurate," I say. "Wouldn't you say that describing him like this would make it a little easier for me to compare myself to him?"

"You insolent son of a--" Peter starts to say, but the king interrupts him.

"That's enough, Peter," the king of the underground says. "Like him or not, we will still be working together with him for the time being, so let's try to at least keep things professional, shall we?"

"...Yes, my lord," Peter says. "As hard as it may be, I will try to abstain myself from making any further comments, at least until the upcoming fight is over."

"Very well," the king says, and then he turns towards me again. "Now, Barry, as you may have already guessed, Peter has always been a great fan of both Azarius and Brinhorn, and he even went to see one of their official duels at one point. You could even say that they've served as his role models, to a certain extent. I believe this should give you a relatively good idea of what his spell repertoire is, correct?"


[7] "Judging by your response, the Overseer protocol is assuming that you have not changed your point of view, and that you are still unwilling to help me in my battle against the rebels," the Overseer says. "Is that correct?"

"How's this for an answer to your question?" I tell him, as I get in a special stance and I make some very fast hand movements while I'm imagining the magical energy building up in my fingertips.

Before the Overseer has the time to say anything else, I point my finger at him and a bolt of lightning shoots out of it, straight for his green eye. The lightning bolt seems to hit the drone at first, but then I realize that the only thing I did was to slightly graze the invisible shield that it had probably already cast around itself before we teleported here.

Following my lead, Flower also commences the attack, by hitting the Overseer with a barrage of fireballs. When the flames from the explosions fade away, I see that the Overseer had managed to create a dome made of stone around himself, which shielded him completely but is now quickly crumbling into tiny pieces of rock.


[8] "We can't just wait here until the barrier breaks," I say. "We'll have a much better chance if we all attack him together."

"If we do attack him at the same time, then we should wait until after the next shockwave," the king says to us, in a low voice. "There seems to be a noticeable delay between the explosions of energy, which makes me think that he needs to wait some time before he can recharge them."

"Agreed," I say.

"Prepare your spells," the king of the underground tells us. "I will dismiss my barrier soon."

We do as he says, and then we wait for the Overseer to hit us with his next shockwave. Immediately after that happens, the king cancels his barrier and then we begin to assault the green-eyed drone with every long range spell we can think of, while the king of the underground is also using his aura manipulation to put some more pressure on our enemy.


[9] "I think it might be a good idea to keep that barrier active a little longer," I say, in a low voice. "The Overseer doesn't look like he's done with his shockwaves yet. But if you feel like your shield is about to break, then tell us, and we'll make sure to attack the drone all at once."

"Sounds like a reasonable plan," the king of the underground says. "However, you should all make sure to have your spells prepared in the meantime, so that you can fire your projectiles at a moment's notice."

"Gotcha," I say, as I begin to prepare one of my spells.

Just like the king of the underground said, his barrier is able to withstand the next two shockwaves without failing, but the cracks are now much too large to ignore. It feels like his invisible shield is ready to give out at any minute. Just as I was about to ask him how much longer he will be able to keep this up, the king gives us the signal to commence the attack, and then he drops his barrier.


[10] "I know this may sound a little counter-intuitive," I say, in a low voice, "but I think the best thing we can do right now is to keep that barrier up as much as possible, even if it ends up breaking."

"Oh?" the king of the underground tells me. "Why would you say that?"

"Well," I say, "from what the Overseer told us, it sounded like the shockwaves are only an unintended side-effect of his 'experimental procedure', and not the thing that he was actually aiming to do. He said that he's trying to fix the issue, so maybe we should give him some time to do just that."

"You are suggesting that we should let our enemy do exactly what he wants?..." Peter asks.

"I'm saying that I'd rather take my chances with whatever his experimental procedure is supposed to be, than have to fight him while he's still releasing those waves of energy at us," I answer him. "There's no way we can defend ourselves against something like that without the hardened aura shields."

"And after the shield breaks?" Peter says, as another shockwave hits the king's invisible barrier, generating a few more cracks. "What then?"

"Then we'll have Flower teleporting us far away from here, and we won't come back until we have a proper plan," I say. "There's no point in continuing to fight a battle that we know we can't win. Or at least I think there's no point. I'm still a little new to this whole 'trying not to be needlessly reckless' thing."


[11] Just as the flying metal balls are about to shoot their beams, I unleash a powerful wave of fire that encompasses the entire area around me. The red-eyed drones don't get the time to react and they are easily turned into burning scrap metal, which then continues to float in place, because there is no force in this realm to make it fall down.

Hah. I knew it! I knew that asking Flower to teach me a spell that can deal with a large amount of drones all at once would be a good idea!

Okay, so that must have earned me a few seconds of thinking, at least. Let's see if I can come up with a plan or something.

As I look all around me to see what the situation on the battlefield is, different thoughts are racing through my head at a very high speed. How do I deal with this? Can I dispel disintegration? No, no, no, these beams that the drones are shooting at us are completely black. It's like they're swallowing up all of the light around them. I don't think this kind of an effect can even be achieved on the earthen plane. I've read tons of articles from scholars that have researched disintegration in the past, and most of them agreed that such a spell should only be possible in ideal environments that cannot be created on a material plane of existence.


[12] Just as the flying metal balls are about to shoot their beams, I conjure a large sphere of water around me which quickly shoots dozens of water jets in all directions. The jets pass through the drones' red eyes before they have the time to react, essentially destroying them and then leaving their metal corpses to float in place, because there is no force in this realm to make them fall down. Once my attack is over, the water sphere around me disappears into thin air, so that I can get a proper look at the onslaught that I've caused.

Hah. I knew it! I knew that asking Illuna to teach me a spell that can deal with a large amount of drones all at once would be a good idea!

Okay, so that must have earned me a few seconds of thinking, at least. Let's see if I can come up with a plan or something.

As I look all around me to see what the situation on the battlefield is, different thoughts are racing through my head at a very high speed. How do I deal with this? Can I dispel disintegration? No, no, no, these beams that the drones are shooting at us are completely black. It's like they're swallowing up all of the light around them. I don't think this kind of an effect can even be achieved on the earthen plane. I've read tons of articles from scholars that have researched disintegration in the past, and most of them agreed that such a spell should only be possible in ideal environments that cannot be created on a material plane of existence.


[13] Just as the flying metal balls are about to shoot their beams, I send out a flurry of wind blades in all directions. The wind blades pass through the drones' red eyes before they have the time to react, essentially destroying them and then leaving their metal corpses to float in place, because there is no force in this realm to make them fall down.

Hah. I knew it! I knew that asking Melindra to teach me a spell that can deal with a large amount of drones all at once would be a good idea!

Okay, so that must have earned me a few seconds of thinking, at least. Let's see if I can come up with a plan or something.

As I look all around me to see what the situation on the battlefield is, different thoughts are racing through my head at a very high speed. How do I deal with this? Can I dispel disintegration? No, no, no, these beams that the drones are shooting at us are completely black. It's like they're swallowing up all of the light around them. I don't think this kind of an effect can even be achieved on the earthen plane. I've read tons of articles from scholars that have researched disintegration in the past, and most of them agreed that such a spell should only be possible in ideal environments that cannot be created on a material plane of existence.


[14] Just as the flying metal balls are about to shoot their beams, I unleash a blast of freezing magic that encompasses the entire area around me. The red-eyed drones don't get the time to react and they are easily turned into statues of ice, which then continue to float in place, because there is no force in this realm to make them fall down.

Hah. I knew it! I knew that asking Kate to teach me a spell that can deal with a large amount of drones all at once would be a good idea!

Okay, so that must have earned me a few seconds of thinking, at least. Let's see if I can come up with a plan or something.

As I look all around me to see what the situation on the battlefield is, different thoughts are racing through my head at a very high speed. How do I deal with this? Can I dispel disintegration? No, no, no, these beams that the drones are shooting at us are completely black. It's like they're swallowing up all of the light around them. I don't think this kind of an effect can even be achieved on the earthen plane. I've read tons of articles from scholars that have researched disintegration in the past, and most of them agreed that such a spell should only be possible in ideal environments that cannot be created on a material plane of existence.


[15] "Peter, does this plan of his sound feasible to you?" the king of the underground asks, as he also destroys a few drones with his aura techniques.

"It-- it does... my lord," Peter says.

"Then that is what we'll do," the king says. "Flower, I trust that you understood what you need to do?"

"Um... yeah," Flower says, somewhat confused. "Make a ball of fire and try to get it inside one of the black beams. I can do that."

"Then do it," the king says. "I will shield your flames with my aura manipulation technique as soon as you create them."

"Roger that!" Flower says, and then she creates her flames in front of her, waiting for a drone to attack her.

"Kill every drone that isn't directly in front of her," I tell Peter, as I fly towards Flower and begin destroying several drones with my spells. "She needs to keep all her focus on her flames."


[16] My question gets answered very soon, when a forty foot tall monstrosity begins to slowly materialize in front of us. As I take a good look at it, I realize that I am at a bit of a lack of words for describing it, because I've never seen anything like it before. What is it supposed to be exactly? A flying hydra? A seven-headed dragon?

It doesn't have any legs, like a dragon would, but the wings are exactly like those of a drake, and its heads all have different colors. The colors are red, green, yellow, dark blue, light blue, white and brown. Actually, now that I take a better look at it, it's not just the heads that have these colors, but the entirety of the snake-like creatures coming out of the main body, while the body itself has more of a light red tint to it.

I've researched many creatures before joining this tournament, both mythical and non-mythical, and I'm quite certain that nothing close to this has ever come up during my studies. Could this be the Overseer's own original creation?

"Experiment number two," the Overseer says. "You are right now looking at a being that had the potential to exist on the earthen plane but never came to be, due to a multitude of unfortunate factors. It has no official name, so you can call it whatever you like. If you survive the experiment, the Overseer protocol would very much like to hear your first-hand impressions of the creature, as the information would be particularly valuable."


[17] "If it's all the same to you, I'd like to begin by cutting all of its heads off," I say.

"Hold on a minute," Peter says. "Isn't a hydra supposed to regrow two heads after you sever one of them?"

"Oh, no, actually that's just a misconception," I say. "We thought so too until we met a real hydra in one of the underground ruins of Varathia and saw that it's just a monster with very high regenerative powers. The reason why you need to chop off all of its heads at once is because it can just grow them back mere seconds after you cut them, so the fight will never end. Look, I'll show you!"

I then send twenty or so wind blades towards the flying hydra, severing its heads all at once.


[18] "If it's all the same to you, I'd like to begin by cutting all of its heads off," I say.

"Hold on a minute," Peter says. "Isn't a hydra supposed to regrow two heads after you sever one of them?"

"Oh, no, actually that's just a misconception," I say. "We thought so too until we met a real hydra in one of the underground ruins of Varathia and saw that it's just a monster with very high regenerative powers. The reason why you need to chop off all of its heads at once is because it can just grow them back mere seconds after you cut them, so the fight will never end. Look, I'll show you!"

I then use two long water whips to slice through the flying hydra's long necks all at once.


[19] "If it's all the same to you, I'd like to begin by cutting all of its heads off," I say.

"Hold on a minute," Peter says. "Isn't a hydra supposed to regrow two heads after you sever one of them?"

"Oh, no, actually that's just a misconception," I say. "We thought so too until we met a real hydra in one of the underground ruins of Varathia and saw that it's just a monster with very high regenerative powers. The reason why you need to chop off all of its heads at once is because it can just grow them back mere seconds after you cut them, so the fight will never end. Look, I'll show you!"

I then create a very large disc of ice next to the hydra, and make it spin really quickly. Before the monster gets to understand what's going on, I send the disc flying in the hydra's direction, slicing through all of its necks easily.


[20] "We should probably go with fire, since it's the safest one out of the options we've got," I say.

"I agree," Peter says. "Everyone who can cast fire spells, follow my lead. Let's try to attack all at once."

As Peter throws his fireball at the hydra, Flower envelops the monster in a large column of fire, and I decide to do the same, using one of the stronger spells that Flower taught me. The flying hydra begins to scream in pain with the majority of its heads, but then it teleports instantly right in front of Flower, lunging at her with two of its snake-like necks. She barely manages to dash away from it by using her fire jets, but the hydra closes in on her again by using its immense wings to propel itself forward.


[21] "We should probably go with fire, since it's the safest one out of the options we've got," I say.

"I agree," Peter says. "Everyone who can cast fire spells, follow my lead. Let's try to attack all at once."

As Peter throws his fireball at the hydra, Flower envelops the monster in a large column of fire, and I decide to throw a fireball of my own as well, for good measure. The flying hydra begins to scream in pain with the majority of its heads, but then it teleports instantly right in front of Flower, lunging at her with two of its snake-like necks. She barely manages to dash away from it by using her fire jets, but the hydra closes in on her again by using its immense wings to propel itself forward.


[22] "We should probably start by trying to stab its heart," I say.

"Stab its heart how?" Peter says. "From what I've heard, every hydra is born with its heart in a different place, as some sort of evolutionary self-defense mechanism to help protect its only major weakness. We'd be much better off just burning it to death. Technically, its heart will also get destroyed this way, and we won't have to waste time finding a needle in a haystack."

"I suppose you do have a point," I say. "So, should we burn it on the count of three, then?"

"Just follow my lead," Peter says. "You guys can cast your spells as soon as I've thrown my fireball at it."

As Peter throws his fireball at the hydra like he said, Flower envelops the monster in a large column of fire, and I decide to do the same, using one of the stronger spells that Flower taught me. The flying hydra begins to scream in pain with the majority of its heads, but then it teleports instantly right in front of Flower, lunging at her with two of its snake-like necks. She barely manages to dash away from it by using her fire jets, but the hydra closes in on her again by using its immense wings to propel itself forward.


[23] "We should probably start by trying to stab its heart," I say.

"Stab its heart how?" Peter says. "From what I've heard, every hydra is born with its heart in a different place, as some sort of evolutionary self-defense mechanism to help protect its only major weakness. We'd be much better off just burning it to death. Technically, its heart will also get destroyed this way, and we won't have to waste time finding a needle in a haystack."

"I suppose you do have a point," I say. "So, should we burn it on the count of three, then?"

"Just follow my lead," Peter says. "You guys can cast your spells as soon as I've thrown my fireball at it."

As Peter throws his fireball at the hydra like he said, Flower envelops the monster in a large column of fire, and I decide to throw a fireball of my own as well, for good measure. The flying hydra begins to scream in pain with the majority of its heads, but then it teleports instantly right in front of Flower, lunging at her with two of its snake-like necks. She barely manages to dash away from it by using her fire jets, but the hydra closes in on her again by using its immense wings to propel itself forward.


[24] "If it's all the same to you, I'd like to begin by cutting all of its heads off," I say.

"Hold on a minute," Peter says. "Isn't a hydra supposed to regrow two heads after you sever one of them?"

"Oh, no, actually that's just a misconception," I say. "We thought so too until we met a real hydra in one of the underground ruins of Varathia and saw that it's just a monster with very high regenerative powers. The reason why you need to chop off all of its heads at once is because it can just grow them back mere seconds after you cut them, so the fight will never end."

I pause for a few seconds before I continue.

"Unfortunately, I just realized that I don't really have a spell in my repertoire that can help me cut all the heads off at once," I say. "Most of my powerful attacks are fire spells that I've learned from Flower, and as you may have realized by now, fire is not exactly the best element to use if you want to slice through things. Maybe you could give me a hand, Peter?"

"If you think I'm going to risk cutting a hydra's heads off based purely on your anecdotal evidence, then you are out of your mind," Peter says. "Burning it with fire is obviously our safest bet. I'm going to toss a fireball at it. Feel free to join me if you want."


[25] "Processing... Processing..." the Overseer says. "Insufficient data available. The Overseer protocol requires more encounters with the mysterious being that just contacted us in order to properly assess its threat level. The experiments will continue as scheduled, until a final conclusion has been reached."

"Are you insane?!" Peter asks the Overseer. "You want to challenge what could possibly be the ether itself just because you don't have... enough data?"

"Please remain calm," the Overseer says. "The experiments will not be conducted in ideal conditions if you do not retain complete control of your mental faculties."

As the Overseer finishes its sentence, twelve of the hydra's heads begin to roar loudly and menacingly. The only two heads that remain silent are the brown ones, which are simply watching each one of us in turn, looking as if they were trying to choose their next target.

"Well..." I say, as I get in a stance and begin to make a few hand gestures in quick succession. "If fire doesn't work, then we might as well try electricity."


[26] "What's happening?" I hear Flower's voice on the earthen plane, but with Illuna's tonality. "How are you two controlling your earthen bodies? Flower told me that your fight in the ethereal plane is still not over."

When I turn around, I see that Flower has flames in her eyes on this plane of existence as well, except that in here they are currently blue, because Illuna is the one controlling her body.

"I think the ether might be attacking us," I say. "Some mysterious voice in our heads told us to stop fighting and return to our 'sanctuaries', but the Overseer doesn't want to stop."

"By 'sanctuaries' I'm assuming that it is referring to your minds from the ethereal plane..." Illuna says, as she ponders on my words for a few seconds. "Alright, so did it give you a time limit? How long do you have until the ether destroys your souls?"


[27] A few seconds later, we begin to hear a very loud alarm sound echoing all throughout the city of Ollendor, which can be heard clearly despite the noise that the storm is still making.

"The city of Ollendor is now in a state of emergency," we hear the metallic voice of the red-eyed drones being transmitted loudly from magical voice magnifiers placed strategically all across the town. "Please evacuate your homes immediately. The red-eyed units will lead you to the designated safe areas in a timely manner. This is not a drill. I repeat. This is not a drill."

"That's your big plan?" I tell the green-eyed drone in the ethereal plane. "Evacuating the city so you can use bigger spells on us without fear of collateral damage? You do realize that the king is still killing your drones faster than you can send them, don't you?"

The Overseer does not say anything, but instead he sends his hydra to attack us again. As we are busy trying to stay alive on the ethereal plane, I begin to feel some earth tremors on the earthen plane, which are only intensifying with every passing moment. When I look around to figure out where this is coming from, I am shocked to see that five of the giant metal golems who were guarding the city gates are now approaching us slowly from a distance, while trampling and destroying every house on their way here.


[28] "Now that you mention it," I tell Flower, "maybe it would be better if you brought the others to their minds too."

"Okay..." Flower says. "But it's going to take a while. You know that, right?"

"Sure, no problem," I say. "We can handle the hydra by ourselves."

"Just don't die till I get back here, alright?" Flower tells me. "I'll try to return as quickly as I can."

She then gets surrounded by a bright light once again, and a few seconds later, she teleports away.


[29] "Hadrik should be enough to take care of the metal golems," I say. "We still need your help against the hydra, so we can't have you gone for too long."

"Alright," Flower says. "I'll get going, then. Try not to get yourself killed till I come back!"

She then gets surrounded by a bright light once again, and a few seconds later, she teleports away.


[30] I waste no time and I attack the green-eyed drone on the ethereal plane with a beam of fire that I learned from Flower.

The beam does not get to reach my target, however, because the hydra teleports itself right in front of the Overseer and it absorbs all of the damage.


[31] I waste no time and I attack the green-eyed drone on the ethereal plane with a powerful jet of water that I learned from Illuna.

The jet doesn't get to reach my target, however, because the hydra teleports itself right in front of the Overseer and it absorbs all of the damage.


[32] I waste no time and I attack the green-eyed drone on the ethereal plane by throwing several wind blades at it, just like I learned from Melindra.

My projectiles don't get to reach my target, however, because the hydra teleports itself right in front of the Overseer and it absorbs all of the damage.


[33] I waste no time and I attack the green-eyed drone on the ethereal plane with a freezing beam that I learned from Kate.

The beam does not get to reach my target, however, because the hydra teleports itself right in front of the Overseer and it absorbs all of the damage. Unfortunately, the freezing beam wasn't powerful enough to actually encase the monster in ice, so aside from pissing off the hydra, my attack didn't have much of an effect.


[34] I begin to focus my consciousness on the earthen plane and I raise my arms up, causing Melindra's air currents to activate themselves and to propel me upwards.

The strong wind from the storm is giving me a lot of trouble with my maneuvering, just as I expected it to, but at least I still retain full control of the magical currents. I can't imagine how bad this would have been if I had told Melindra to cast the version of the currents where she needed to be awake to help me control them.

Before heading for the golem, I fly around for about twenty seconds or so, trying to see exactly how well I can handle myself in this storm. Like Melindra said, this doesn't feel too different from flying a plane in a hurricane. In fact, I think it might even be a little easier, because the air currents are much more responsive than the controls of a gnomish flying contraption.

Once I'm done testing all of the basic flight maneuvers, I head straight for the metal golem that is closest to us, in the hopes that I can maybe lure it away from the plaza. While I am still in mid-flight, I pull out the crossbow from my backpack and I shoot a few bolts in the golem's head.

"Hey!" I shout at the golem. "Hey, over here! Over here, you big piece of junk!"

I then shoot a few more bolts at it just to make sure that I catch its attention. The golem seems to be finally reacting to me, as it is now turning around and opening its mouth, ready to shoot a fire beam at me.


[35] 

I begin to focus my consciousness on the earthen plane and I raise my arms up, causing Melindra's air currents to activate themselves and to propel me upwards.

When I reach a higher altitude, I quickly realize that the air currents are very unresponsive compared to what they are usually like, and this is almost certainly because of the new version of currents that I asked Melindra to cast on me before the battle. Considering that she is not awake to help me control the currents, I am only getting the disadvantages of this spell and almost none of the advantages. 

Actually, there is one small advantage. Despite their unresponsiveness, at least these currents feel more stable than the old ones, so I don't have to worry that much about the strong wind from the storm messing up my direction. 

Once I'm done testing all of the basic flight maneuvers, I head straight for the metal golem that is closest to us, in the hopes that I can maybe lure it away from the plaza. While I am still in mid-flight, I pull out the crossbow from my backpack and I shoot a few bolts in the golem's head.

"Hey!" I shout at the golem. "Hey, over here! Over here, you big piece of junk!"

I then shoot a few more bolts at it just to make sure that I catch its attention. The golem seems to be finally reacting to me, as it is now turning around and opening its mouth, ready to shoot a fire beam at me.


[36] 



I begin to focus my consciousness on the earthen plane and I raise my arms up, causing Melindra's air currents to activate themselves and to propel me upwards.

When I reach a higher altitude, I quickly realize that the air currents are very unresponsive compared to what they are usually like, and this is almost certainly because of the new version of currents that I asked Melindra to cast on me before the battle. Considering that she is not awake to help me control the currents, I am only getting the disadvantages of this spell and almost none of the advantages. 

Actually, there is one small advantage. Despite their unresponsiveness, at least these currents feel more stable than the old ones, so I don't have to worry that much about the strong wind from the storm messing up my direction. 

Once I'm done testing all of the basic flight maneuvers, I head straight for the metal golem that is closest to us, in the hopes that I can maybe lure it away from the plaza. While I am still in mid-flight, I pull out the crossbow from my backpack and I shoot a few bolts in the golem's head.

"Hey!" I shout at the golem. "Hey, over here! Over here, you big piece of junk!"

I then shoot a few more bolts at it just to make sure that I catch its attention. The golem seems to be finally reacting to me, as it is now turning around and opening its mouth, ready to shoot a fire beam at me.


[37] Before the metal giant gets to understand what's happening, the small shape, also known as Hadrik, makes a high jump and it punches the golem in the head, sending it flying about fifty feet backwards and then causing it to land on its back on a few empty houses that got completely wrecked in the process. The dwarf does not give the golem the time to get back up and he jumps on its head, punching it several more times until the enemy stops moving completely.

"Hey, I'm back!" Hadrik shouts at me, while still standing on the golem's head. "Did you miss me?"

"You have no idea..." I answer him.

"So, what's the plan, here?" Hadrik says. "Should I also take care of the other four golems really quick? Is there anything else I should know about before I go?"

"Forget about the golems," the king of the underground says loudly, as he is now flying closer to us. "I have a much better task for you. Let's all get a little closer to each other first. I don't want a certain someone to listen in on our conversation."

The king and I then both fly towards the ground, as Hadrik gets off the metal golem and walks in our direction to meet us halfway.

"Alright," Hadrik says, once we're all close to each other. "You said you had a task for me. Let's hear it."


[38] "Right," Hadrik says. "See you in a bit."

He then dashes in the direction that was being shown on the holographic map, and he disappears from our field of view in a few seconds.

"Now, then..." the king says, as he turns to me. "Do you think you can stall the rest of those golems for a few minutes like you did with the first one, or should I do it?"

"I think I can handle the golems," I say. "You go deal with the drones from the plaza."

"Very well," the king of the underground says. "Good luck."

"Good luck to you too," I say, and then the two of us part ways, flying in opposite directions.

As I am making my way towards the golems on the earthen plane, I notice the hydra on the ethereal plane making a beeline for me and I am forced to stop what I was doing in Ollendor to focus on evading the hydra.

The metal giants are, however, getting closer and closer to the plaza with each passing second. I can't afford to ignore them just because the hydra is attacking my soul on a different plane of existence. If I really want to make it out of this alive, then I'm going to need to find a way to control both my soul and my earthen body at the same time.


[39] As Peter and I look at each other from a distance, it takes only a few moments for us to figure out that we are both thinking the same thing, so we both nod curtly and then we hurry up to get into position for casting a grand-scale spell of the likes that the ethereal realm has probably never seen before.

There is only one way to definitively paralyze a monster of this size, and every person who has ever aimed to become a generalist should know of it. It is one of sage Drakesbane's favorite spells, and I heard that he routinely uses it whenever he goes on his dragon hunts. Neither me nor Peter could ever dream of casting such a complex spell by ourselves, but if we were to work together and synchronize ourselves perfectly, it might just be worth a shot...

"My king," Peter says, as the two of us are flying around, setting up invisible magic pillars in strategic positions, so that they can act as catalysts for our large-scale paralysis spell. "Would it be possible to keep the hydra away from us for around... fifty seconds? Barry and I are working on something important."

"Is that so?" the king asks, surprised. "I suppose I could keep it occupied for a minute or so, yes."

He then makes a very large semi-transparent box around the hydra, trapping it inside. Realizing what happened, the hydra tries using its claws and its fangs to dig its way out of the aura cage, but it's not making any progress so far.


[40] "Are you sure that your shield can hold against four fire beams at the same time?" I ask Daren, as I fly behind him.

"I suppose we're about to find out," Daren says, and then he raises his shield, creating a semi-transparent barrier around us.

The golems are now aligning themselves so they can get a better shot at us, and they are beginning to open fire on us one by one. So far, Daren's barrier seems to be holding up nicely, but there's no telling when it will start to crack.

"So, are we just stalling them, or?..." Daren asks me, as all four beams are now hitting the barrier.

"We just need to keep them busy for another minute or two," I say.

"Why?" Daren says. "What happens in two minutes?"

"The end of the battle, hopefully," I say, as I blink and then switch back to the ethereal plane to create two more of the magical pillars that were needed to cast the paralysis spell.

As soon as I am done placing the last pillar, I give the 'okay' signal to Peter so that we can commence our simultaneous casting.


[41] 

"I don't think your shield can hold against four fire beams all at once," I say. "Maybe it would be better if we each fought two golems. I'll try to lure the two on the right. You try seeing if you can catch the attention of the ones on the left."

"Are we only supposed to stall them, or do we need to destroy all of them by ourselves?..." Daren says.

"No, no, we only need to keep them busy for... one minute or two," I say.

"Why?" Daren says loudly, as he is now moving towards the golems on the left. "What happens in two minutes?"

"The end of the battle, hopefully," I say, and then I place myself between two golems again, hoping that this would buy me enough time to create another pillar on the ethereal plane.

Once I blink and switch my main focus to the other plane of existence, I quickly place a new magical pillar in a new position, while I carefully look with the corner of my eye to see what the golems are doing.

To my shock, it seems that one of the golems has finally decided that getting rid of me is worth destroying one of its brethren, and it opens fire on me with no warning.


[42] 

I might not be able to hide myself from all four golems at once, but I can still make sure that at least two of them won't attack me as long as I place myself between them.

Once I find myself a good enough spot, I position myself between two of the golems, making sure that a third one also does not have a good view of me. Now, as long as I pay close attention to the fourth one, I should be able to stay here for another twenty seconds or so.

I blink my eyes in order to switch back to the ethereal plane, and I create another magical pillar, while I'm keeping a close watch on the situation from the earthen plane with the corner of my eye.

To my shock, it seems that one of the two golems between which I've positioned myself decided that getting rid of me is worth destroying one of its brethren, and it opens fire on me with no warning.


[43] 

There has to be some place I've missed. Some place where I can sit quietly for twenty seconds so that I can finish placing my pillars on the ethereal plane.

I start to gain some altitude, so that I can get a better view of the area where the golems are. As I am doing this, two of the golems shoot their beams at me, but I was ready for them, and dodged their attacks easily. Now, then... let me take a good look around. Where would be the best spot for me to position myself?

As I keep flying around, trying to figure out what it is that I'm missing, the golems begin attacking me again, and I am forced to dive away from their beams. Unfortunately, what I did not realize was that the first two beams were only meant to lead me into a trap, because the other two golems anticipated exactly which way I would dodge, and they incinerated me before I could get any chance to understand what they were doing.


[44] 

There has to be some place I've missed. Some place where I can sit quietly for twenty seconds so that I can finish placing my pillars on the ethereal plane.

I start to gain some altitude, so that I can get a better view of the area where the golems are. As I am doing this, two of the golems shoot their beams at me, but I was ready for them, and dodged their attacks easily. Now, then... let me take a good look around. Where would be the best spot for me to position myself?

As I get a good bird's-eye view of the entire area below me, I finally manage to find what I was looking for. There is exactly one spot that should temporarily shield me from all of the golems at the same time, and that is at the very center of them. As long as I place myself correctly, I should be positioned right between two separate pairs of golems, and at a sufficient enough distance from them that they can't just instantly walk over to me and attack me with their hands.

This is perfect. I'm heading down there right now.

The golems attempt to shoot at me a few times before I get to a lower altitude, but as soon as I place myself in the right spot, they all stop what they were doing, and now they are just looking at me confused.


[45] "How did I know what?" I say.

"That the hydra was about to hit us with a sonic attack," Peter answers me. "How did you figure it out?"

"Oh, I didn't know for sure," I say. "It was only a hunch. See, the thing is that I've been watching the brown hydra heads closely ever since you mentioned that it wouldn't make any sense for them to breathe rocks, and the truth is that I didn't see them doing any sort of elemental attacks for the whole duration of the battle. However, what I did notice was that these particular heads were the only ones that were always silent while the other heads were roaring or screaming. So, that got me thinking... what if these heads did not in fact have any elemental powers at all? What if their only power was their roar, and they were saving it for a special occasion this whole time? And what better way could there possibly be to use their ultimate weapon than as a last resort, when they were sure that they were about to get killed?"

"Huh..." Peter says, as he looks contemplatively at the stone statue of the hydra, and then at me. "You know... Maybe I was wrong about you. Maybe you are not the fraud I thought you were. Maybe... you are a generalist after all!"

"The Overseer protocol congratulates you for completing the second experimental procedure," the green-eyed drone says. "Unfortunately, according to my calculations, your chances of surviving the third experimental procedure are very slim. We will, however, continue to ask for your cooperation until--"


[46] "As much as I'd like to take the credit for beating the Overseer myself," the king of the underground says, "I'm afraid that your dwarf friend was in fact the one who struck the finishing blow. You did a really good job by sending him back to his own mind. We are all indebted to you."

"Hey, don't mention it!" Flower says. "But... does this mean it's over? Did we win?"

"I... think so, yeah..." I say. "We... we won!"

Just as I am done saying those words, my mind is beginning to get gradually flooded by millions of different voices, along with rapidly changing images that are flashing in front of my eyes at too high of a speed for me to be able to tell what they are about.

The voices are all overlapping, but they're mostly just using different words to say the same thing:

'Leave this place!'

'Get out!'

'You do not belong here.'


[47] With what seems to be the last remaining ounce of my willpower, I manage to focus my gaze upon Flower, who is currently holding me by the shoulders while her flaming red eyes are shining brighter than ever before. Getting a better look at her, I see that not only her eyes are aflame, but her entire body is now made up entirely of fire... Or rather, the kind of fire that feels hot but for some reason is not burning me, even though she is touching me directly with it.

"Barry, do you remember what it was like inside your mind on the ethereal plane, before the Overseer kicked your soul out of it?" Flower says, loudly. "Can you picture the inside of your sanctuary in front of your eyes right now?"

"The inside of my sanctuary..." I tell her, in a very weak voice. "Yes... It was... like a cube..."

"A cube?" Flower asks. "That's it? That's all you remember?"

"Yeah, it... wasn't like your house, with paintings and... all the other stuff..." I say. "My sanctuary was just... an empty cube..."

"Okay, then I need you to think about the interior of the cube," Flower says. "I need you to visualize it clearly inside your head. Do you understand?"


[48] I open my eyes, but to my surprise it is not only the light that is gone from around me, but also everything else. The only thing that I'm seeing before my eyes is pure darkness.

"Flower, are you there?" I try to say, but my words do not leave my mouth.

After trying to talk a few more times, the weakness and fatigue slowly take over me and soon I don't even have the strength to open my mouth anymore. Several seconds later, I find myself closing my eyes again, but this time I lose my consciousness for good.


[49] Just as I'm about to open my eyes, I remember Flower's warning from before she teleported me.

"--no matter what-- open your eyes!" were the words I heard her saying.

The phrase is not complete, but based on the structure of the sentence it feels like she was saying something along the lines of "no matter what, don't open your eyes".

I can't be sure of this, but she did tell me that I should keep visualizing the cube, and she never told me when to stop. I still have the image of the cube in front of me right now, so I guess I should probably keep thinking of it. This is the only thing I should be worrying about. Nothing else matters. Just keep imagining the cube.

A whole minute passes without me doing anything other than concentrating on the image of the sanctuary which I have in my head. Or at least I think it's been a minute. It's kind of hard to keep track of time in this complete darkness.

It's fine. There's no need to open my eyes. I'm still conscious for now, and this is all that matters. A minute ago, I could have sworn that I only had a few seconds left to live, but somehow I'm still here. I'm still awake. Whatever Flower did, it must have had at least some positive effect, or else I wouldn't be alive.


[50] "Okay, Flower has calmed down for now," Illuna says. "What were we talking about again? Oh right, the darkness. Well, there's not much to say about it, really. Darkness is the absence of light. The light from the ethereal plane is the ether itself. The ether was the one attacking you, so Flower decided to teleport you in the only place where you'd be truly safe from it. However, the only way to get yourself out of the ethereal abyss is by imagining a place very clearly in your head, and being firmly convinced that you can transport yourself there through your own powers. Seeing that you were no longer breathing on the earthen plane, I assumed that you had failed at your task, so I had to get a little creative."

She then holds out her palm and conjures a floating sphere of water above it, hinting that she was the reason why the water that I was drenched in was three times colder than the rain drops from the storm.

"Wow..." I tell her. "I don't know what to say. Thank you. And Flower. I have no idea what would have happened if you two hadn't intervened the way you did. How did you even come up with these ideas?"

"...Experience," Illuna says. "And a little bit of ingenuity. Let's just say that this isn't the first time when we've had to make use of the ethereal abyss, and it probably won't be the last either. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to check up on Flower. There are still a few matters left unresolved in the ethereal plane that we need to take care of."

"Wait, is Flower okay?" I ask. "I can't switch my consciousness back to the ethereal plane to check. Did she manage to escape from the ether?"


[51] I then pause for a few seconds, before I continue.

"So, anyway... do you have any plans yet about what we're going to do with all these unconscious rebels?" I say. "Do you think there's any chance that they'll find their way back to their minds by themselves?"

"We were actually discussing that right before you joined us," Daren says. "Flower told Peter that she'll try to guide as many rebels as she can to their sanctuaries, but that she'll need a little time to rest after each trip, because she gets sick if she teleports too many times in a row. Peter will also be guiding some rebels' souls, but his teleportation spells are more limited, so he will only be flying through the ether most of the time."

"Either way, this is likely going to take a while," Peter says. "You people have already helped enough and deserve some rest. As soon as your whole group is awake, we'll talk to Breynan so he can teleport you back to the underground base. I'm pretty sure that he should still be waiting for us in the teleporter room."


[52] I then pause for a few seconds, before I continue.

"So, anyway... do you have any plans yet about what we're going to do with all these unconscious rebels?" I say. "Do you think there's any chance that they'll find their way back to their minds by themselves?"

"We were actually talking about that right before you joined us," Peter says. "Flower told me that she'll try to guide as many of our people as she can to their sanctuaries, but that she'll need some time to rest after each trip, because she can't teleport too many times in a row without getting sick. I'll also be doing some guiding of my own, of course, but my progress will likely be much slower, because I'll need to fly around the ether instead of teleporting, for the most part."

He pauses.

"Either way, this is likely going to take a while," Peter continues. "You people have already helped enough and deserve some rest. As soon as your whole group is awake, we'll talk to Breynan so he can teleport you back to the underground base. I'm pretty sure that he should still be waiting for us in the teleporter room."


[53] We spend the next few minutes listening to Hadrik's story about how he broke through the Overseer's defenses and destroyed his core. In the meantime, the rest of our friends are awaking one by one and joining us, until Flower finally manages to guide all of our group's souls to their sanctuaries.

Once we are all assembled and Hadrik is done telling his story, Illuna joins us as well, and we are now preparing to be teleported back to the underground. 

While Peter is talking to Breynan on the transceiver, giving him an update on our current situation, I get a sudden dizziness, and for a split second it feels like my consciousness is drifting away again into the ethereal plane, where I get a direct view of the inside of my empty cube that is supposed to be my sanctuary. What just happened? Did I really switch back to my perspective from the ethereal plane for a second there, or am I just imagining things?

"You alright, Barry?" Hadrik says, when he sees me frozen in place at the back of the group, and sweating something fierce.

"You didn't... feel anything just now?" I ask Hadrik, as I'm trying to calm myself down.

"What do you mean?" Hadrik asks. "What was I supposed to feel?"

"...Nothing," I tell him. "I'm sure it was nothing. We should... probably get a little closer to the rest of the group. It will make it easier for Breynan to teleport us."


[54] Chapter 10 of book 3 is now available. Press on the button below to proceed.

Please be aware that this chapter will be divided into two separate sections, but there will only be one checkpoint, at the beginning of the chapter, so that you can still restart the chapter from the beginning in case you didn't save your game there manually.

----Summary of the previous chapter----

After a fierce battle in the ethereal plane, Barry and his friends managed to defeat the Overseer, with a little help from the king of the underground and Peter.

Now that there is nobody left to claim the throne after the old king's death, an election is about to be held in the underground caverns, in order to establish who the rebels will nominate to be the new king of Ollendor.


[55] Chapter 10 of book 3 is now available. Press on the button below to proceed.

Please be aware that this chapter will be divided into two separate sections, but there will only be one checkpoint, at the beginning of the chapter, so that you can still restart the chapter from the beginning in case you didn't save your game there manually.

----Summary of the previous chapter----

After a fierce battle in the ethereal plane, Barry and his friends finally managed to defeat the king of the underground and Peter. Once the battle was over, the Overseer's drones carried all of the unconscious rebels away from the battlefield, in order to lock them in a prison.

However, instead of sending a green-eyed drone to talk to Barry and his team, the Overseer summoned them all to the royal palace, without giving them any other options to contact him.

Reluctantly, Barry and the others started heading towards the Ollendor castle, so that they could have one last discussion with the Overseer about his plans of ruling the city, now that the rebels no longer posed a problem for him.

