
[1] 

[2] "Weren't you supposed to be really smart?" I ask the Overseer. "You should be able to figure out the reason why we came here without us telling you."

"Judging by your response, the Overseer protocol is assuming that you have not changed your point of view, and that you are still unwilling to help me in my battle against the rebels," the Overseer says. "Is that correct?"

"How's this for an answer to your question?" I tell him, as I get in a special stance and I make some very fast hand movements while I'm imagining the magical energy building up in my fingertips.

Before the Overseer has the time to say anything else, I point my finger at him and a bolt of lightning shoots out of it, straight for his green eye. The lightning bolt seems to hit the drone at first, but then I realize that the only thing I did was to slightly graze the invisible shield that it had probably already cast around itself before we teleported here.

Following my lead, Flower also commences the attack, by hitting the Overseer with a barrage of fireballs. When the flames from the explosions fade away, I see that the Overseer had managed to create a dome made of stone around himself, which shielded him completely but is now quickly crumbling into tiny pieces of rock.


[3] "You say that you were only joking, but we already know that you've been contacting the Overseer through the blue crystals while we were underground," the king says. "Perhaps you would like to shed some light to us on what may have been your reason for actively communicating with our enemy in secret, right before a major battle?"

He knows about our conversations with the Overseer? Could it be that one of his men overheard us when we were talking about it in the tunnels?

"Look, I'm not going to deny that the Overseer gave us the option to join him, and that we seriously considered accepting his offer for the better part of an afternoon, but we did refuse him in the end," I say. "And it's not like I'm asking you to believe me without proof either. Think about it for a second. If we really wanted to ambush you now, wouldn't it have made more sense to go visit the Overseer first, and then teleport together with him here? Why risk going through all these charades, when there would be a good chance that you wouldn't believe us and attack us on sight?"

"My main takeaway from all of this is that you and your team were on the verge of betraying us, and you somehow decided not to do it, on a whim," the king of the underground says. "If that is truly the case, then what guarantee do we have that you won't simply change your mind in the middle of our battle and switch sides again for no reason?"


[4] "We were actually heading towards him as well," the king of the underground says. "We'd be grateful if you helped transport us there, because Peter has only a limited amount of teleportation spells that he can use per day, and we'd rather not waste them unless it's absolutely necessary."

"Perfect," I say. "We'll take you there right now, then!"

"Hold on a moment," the king says. "Don't you think we should be planning our attack a little before charging in like this?"


[5] "Yes," I say, "they're mostly the same, except for the fact that I need to know the flow of magic and the theory behind each spell perfectly, or they'll fail to cast. Let me give you a few examples."

After I stop talking, I begin to cast one basic spell from each element, to give them a little taste of what I can do. Once I'm done showing off, the king of the underground spends a few moments contemplating on what he's just seen before he speaks again.

"Given the variety of the spells you've just shown us, am I to understand that you are the equivalent of a generalist on this plane?" the king of the underground says. "How many more spells do you know?"

"It's hard to say," I answer him. "There are some spells that I've already tested, so I know that I can cast them here, but for many others it's going to be a gamble. I know the theory behind too many spells to be able to test them all, and I can't be sure that I can cast a spell in this plane successfully before I try it and see how it works. One thing I can tell you for certain is that my stat device will not work here, because I'm not carrying it with me on the ethereal plane, so the only thing I can rely on is my magic. Oh, and I might also be able to use the multi-step dispelling technique that I invented while I was apprenticing under Brinhorn, now that I think about it. That should be simple enough to do even in a place like this."

"Multi-step dispelling..." Peter says, as he is trying to comprehend what I've just said. "You mean the Brinhorn dispelling technique?"

"Yeah, that's the one," I say.


[6] "I think so, yeah," I say.

"Fantastic," the king of the underground says. "In that case, Peter, I only have one last question for you, if you don't mind."

"Yes, my king?" Peter says.

"You told me that my earthen body uses its aura to link itself to my soul from the ethereal plane, is that right?" the king says.

"Yes, sir," Peter answers.

"So if the aura is linked to my soul," the king continues, "then it would be logical to assume that my soul also has a separate aura of its own which the earthen aura can link itself with, correct?"

"I... haven't really given it much thought until now," Peter says, "but logically speaking, it should be as you say, yes."

"Good!" the king of the underground says. "So I'm not just imagining things, then!"

He then stretches his arms to his side, while pointing his palms away from him, and an invisible force suddenly pushes Flower, Peter and me back about ten feet.

"It's a bit weaker than on the earthen plane, but it looks like I'll be able to use aura manipulation on this plane of existence as well," the king of the underground says, as he now turns to us. "Sorry to keep you waiting. I'm ready whenever you are. Just say the word and we'll start the battle!"

"Let's do this, then," I say. "Flower, can you take us to the Overseer?"

"Yep!" Flower says. "Here we go!"


[7] "Warning!" the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol will now be activating its new experimental procedures, designed exclusively for the ethereal plane. Please be advised that these new procedures are based upon knowledge from the Magium, and that to this date they remain largely untested. If you have any complaints regarding these new procedures, please refer to section 5C-E789 of the Overseer operating manual."

"Experimental procedures?" I ask, confused. "What the hell is that supposed to--"

Before I get to finish my sentence, a powerful shockwave of pitch-black energy gets released from the Overseer's drone, reaching us in less than a second. Instead of hitting us directly, however, the shockwave gets stopped by an invisible barrier that had been placed some fifty inches ahead of us, most likely by the king of the underground. Due to the force of the impact, we can see several cracks starting to appear in the barrier in front of us, which is gradually becoming less transparent.


[8] As we are still busy casting our offensive spells, the Overseer releases another deadly shockwave without any warning, but this time the king does not manage to create a barrier fast enough. When the wave of energy reaches us, it disintegrates our bodies almost immediately, and I barely get a few moments to understand what's going on before I lose my consciousness completely.


[9] As soon as that happens, we begin to assault the green-eyed drone with every long range spell we can think of, while the king of the underground is also using his aura manipulation to put some more pressure on our enemy.

As we are still busy casting our offensive spells, the Overseer releases another deadly shockwave without any warning, but this time the king does not manage to create a barrier fast enough. When the wave of energy reaches us, it disintegrates our bodies almost immediately, and I barely get a few moments to understand what's going on before I lose my consciousness completely.


[10] "Fair enough," the king of the underground says. "For now, let's wait until my barrier gives in completely, and we'll see where we go from there."

We wait in silence for the next shockwaves to come, while we watch more and more cracks forming in the invisible barrier in front of us. After taking two more direct hits from the Overseer's energy waves, the invisible shield finally breaks, leaving us completely defenseless.

"Okay, that's it," I say. "Flower, get ready to teleport us somewhere far awa--"

"Thank you for your patience," the Overseer says all of a sudden, as the weird noises that it was making until now are finally stopping. "The issue has been resolved. The experimental procedures will now continue as scheduled."

"So, umm... just out of curiosity..." I tell the Overseer, "these experimental procedures of yours wouldn't happen to include any more of those deadly shockwaves, would they?"

"Negative," the Overseer says. "The disintegrating shockwaves were never a part of the original planned procedures."

"Hey, that's great!" I say. "At least we can rest assured that there won't be any more instant death scenarios right off the--"

"Barry, watch out!" Flower shouts, and she teleports me away, as a huge disintegrating beam that got suddenly fired by the green-eyed drone was just about to reach me.


[11] But what about the theory behind this spell? Wasn't there some kind of weakness that I could exploit? There were so many details written in those articles... There had to have been something that I can make use of. If only I could remember!

While I am racking my brain, trying to find a solution, I notice Peter doing something very peculiar in the background. Unlike the rest of us who are mostly either trying to evade the drones' attacks or attempting to destroy them, Peter seems to be more focused on the disintegrating beams themselves. He appears to be waiting for the exact time when a drone attacks him, and then he tries to place a ball of fire in front of the pitch black beam, as he moves to the side to avoid getting hit.

When I realize what he is doing, my brain is immediately flooded by a swarm of information that I would have otherwise considered to be forgotten forever. I understand now what he's trying to do. I know exactly which theory he's trying to test, but... he's doing it wrong. I have to tell him about this.

"Peter, you can't get the fire inside the beam like that," I say loudly, as I dodge another disintegrating beam coming from a drone that was near me. "Remember what Krygell said in his article! The only way in which the experiment can work, in theory, is if there's some way to shield the fire from the effects of the disintegration until it is engulfed by the beam completely. Otherwise, the edges of the black beam would simply reduce it to nothing."


[12] As Peter and I are busy fighting the drones, Flower and the king of the underground manage to position the aura-shielded ball of fire exactly in the path of one of the incoming disintegrating beams. Just as the black beam engulfs the flames completely, the king cancels his hardened aura shield and the flames quickly begin to absorb the black energy of the beam from the inside, until all that is left is a ball of pure black fire, of the likes that I've never seen.

"Black flames..." Peter says while looking at the black ball of fire, in awe. "So, it can be done..."

"Flower," I say. "Hurl those flames of yours at the green-eyed drone, will you? That should get his attention."

When the green-eyed drone sees the black flames heading in its direction, it immediately places five red-eyed drones in a straight line in front of it so that they can block the incoming attack. This strategy does not pay off in the slightest, however, because the flames simply pass through the metal balls, obliterating them instantly just by touching them.


[13] "Oh yeah?" I say. "Well, how about you take your information, and shove it up your... green eye socket... or whatever else would make sense in this context since you don't actually have an--"

I do not have the time to finish my sentence, as one of the hydra's heads breathes fire in my direction, and I am forced to get out of its way. Right after that, one of the other heads shoots a beam of ice out of its mouth, forcing Flower to fly away as well.

As I was looking at the flying hydra, I could not help but notice that the fire came out of the red head, while the ice came out of the head with a light-blue color. There's also the fact that the number of heads which the hydra has is exactly the same as the number of magical elements that exist in the world, if you also count the non-traditional ones like acid, ice and electricity. Surely, this can't be a coincidence, right?...

"Guys, I'm not sure if you've figured it out already, but I'm gonna say it anyway, just in case," I say. "I think that this hydra's heads might each represent a different element, and that we should be able to tell which one is which by their colors."


[14] "There we go!" I say, as the hydra's snake-like necks are now just squirming around aimlessly. "No more hydra!"

Not long after I stop talking, the necks begin to regenerate very fast, but instead of growing back to their original forms, they split into two and create two heads for each one that had been cut. Before I get a chance to react, the hydra teleports in front of me instantly and it lunges at me with all of its fourteen heads.

The last thing I get to experience is my ethereal body getting melted by acid saliva, as one of the green hydra heads swallows me whole, and then I lose my consciousness completely.


[15] As Peter throws his fireball at the hydra, Flower envelops the monster in a large column of fire, and I decide to do the same, using one of the stronger spells that Flower taught me. The flying hydra begins to scream in pain with the majority of its heads, but then it teleports instantly right in front of Flower, lunging at her with two of its snake-like necks. She barely manages to dash away from it by using her fire jets, but the hydra closes in on her again by using its immense wings to propel itself forward.

"The Overseer protocol forgot to mention that this particular hydra represents the pinnacle of evolution for all species of hydras that have ever existed and will ever exist," the green-eyed drone says. "Throughout time, this monster has developed a very high resistance to fire, it has evolved to a point where it has multiple hearts instead of just one, and even if you sever all of its heads, it will simply grow back twice as many as it had before. Allow me to demonstrate."

Suddenly, out of nowhere, a very long spinning blade comes flying straight for the hydra while it was still chasing Flower, and it cuts through all of its long necks with ease. While the blade slowly stops spinning and then disappears into thin air, the snake-like necks squirm aimlessly for a few seconds, and then they each split into two as they quickly grow back, creating two heads for each one that has been cut.

"Ah, crap..." I say, as the hydra is now frantically turning all of its fourteen heads around, trying to figure out which one of us attacked it.


[16] "The Overseer protocol forgot to mention that this particular hydra represents the pinnacle of evolution for all species of hydras that have ever existed and will ever exist," the green-eyed drone says. "Throughout time, this monster has developed a very high resistance to fire, it has evolved to a point where it has multiple hearts instead of just one, and even if you sever all of its heads, it will simply grow back twice as many as it had before. Allow me to demonstrate."

Suddenly, out of nowhere, a very long spinning blade comes flying straight for the hydra while it was still chasing Flower, and it cuts through all of its long necks with ease. While the blade slowly stops spinning and then disappears into thin air, the snake-like necks squirm aimlessly for a few seconds, and then they each split into two as they quickly grow back, creating two heads for each one that has been cut.

"Ah, crap..." I say, as the hydra is now frantically turning all of its fourteen heads around, trying to figure out which one of us attacked it.


[17] I then point my finger towards the hydra, and a bolt of lightning shoots out of it, straight for the monster. Just like with the fire, the hydra seems to feel the pain of it, but aside from that, it doesn't look like my attack is having much of an effect on the creature except for making it target me next.

I anticipate its teleporting attack and dash backwards by using my air currents, but immediately after its teleportation, the monster sprays acid with both its green heads in all of the area around me. Even though I manage to create a dome of rock just in time to protect me from the brunt of the attack, the acid is very quickly eating through the rock, and the hydra seems to be pouring more acid at a faster rate than I can reinforce the stone.

"You're covered!" the king of the underground says, as he makes a very tall invisible shield between me and the hydra that is stopping the rest of the acid from reaching me. "Now get away from there!"

"You don't have to tell me twice," I say, as I quickly fly backwards, until I am out of range from the hydra's breath attacks.

While I am distancing myself from the monster, I feel my consciousness being sent back to the earthen plane a few more times, but this time things are happening a little differently. Instead of switching perspectives between the two planes of existence, I am beginning to become aware of my surroundings in both planes simultaneously. 


[18] "Destroy our souls?..." I say. "Hey now, let's not get hasty! Nobody said anything about destroying any souls. We're just having a little disagreement, that's all."

"Right," Illuna says. "Well, if you don't have a time limit, then I suggest you hurry it up before this 'disagreement' of yours turns into something a lot more final."

As Illuna was talking, I could hear a loud explosion above us, and when I turned my head to see what was happening, I realized that the king of the underground just did another one of his aura shockwaves that sent a few dozen drones crashing down all at once.

"Please refrain from causing any more damage to the red-eyed units," the green-eyed drone tells the king on the ethereal plane. "You are impeding them from completing their task."


[19] "Please remain calm," I hear the red-eyed drones talking through the voice magnifiers again, while people on the streets are running away, terrified. "The red-eyed units will ensure your safety as long as you follow them. If you are worried about your destroyed houses, then rest assured that they will be rebuilt, and that you will very soon be reimbursed for all of the monetary losses that you've sustained during this conflict. Have a nice day!"

"No way..." I say, as I look at all the destruction that the metal giants are leaving in their wake.

"Is this your idea of ruling a city?" I ask the Overseer in the ethereal plane. "You're going to destroy an entire neighborhood just to kill two or three people that are opposing you?"

"According to my analysis, the perceived threat of the king of the underground is higher than that of losing several structures," the Overseer says. "Once this final war is over, the citizens and the drones will all work together to repair the damage that has been done."


[20] Now that Flower left, I decide to take a good look around me in both planes of existence, to see what the situation is at the moment. 

From what I can tell, it seems like the Overseer is currently too preoccupied with what's going on in Ollendor to pay attention to us on the ethereal plane, and it shows, because the hydra has barely done anything noteworthy in the past minute except for using its breath attacks against us a few times.

Meanwhile, on the earthen plane, one of the metal golems has gained a significant advance on the other four, and it will very soon get close enough to shoot its fire beam at us. If Hadrik doesn't wake up soon, we might be in trouble.


[21] Once the creature regenerates itself, it immediately makes me into its next target, teleporting close to me again and then chasing me around the ether relentlessly, without giving me a moment's respite or the opportunity to switch my focus back to the earthen plane.

As I am struggling to shake off the hydra, the metal golem on the earthen plane finally gets close enough to attack us and it shoots a huge fire beam out of its mouth, which is so powerful that it incinerates me in an instant. 


[22] Once the creature regenerates itself, it immediately makes me into its next target, teleporting close to me again and then chasing me around the ether relentlessly, without giving me a moment's respite or the opportunity to switch my focus back to the earthen plane.

As I am struggling to shake off the hydra, the metal golem on the earthen plane finally gets close enough to attack us and it shoots a huge fire beam out of its mouth, which is so powerful that it burns through my hardened aura easily and it incinerates me in an instant. 


[23] I begin to fly around erratically, to make it harder for the metal giant to anticipate my movements. The golem fires a beam towards me, and then another, and then another, missing every time, but also getting closer with each consecutive shot. Is it starting to predict my movements?... Maybe I'm not flying randomly enough.

As I am trying to adjust my flight patterns so that they are harder to guess, the golem shoots a fire beam only a few inches away from me, and suddenly I can feel my heart beating two times faster than before.

How did it get so close to me? Am I really that predictable? What am I doing wrong?

Realizing that I am very soon going to need to start dodging the lasers right when the golem shoots them, I begin to panic a little. 

Will I be fast enough to dodge every one of its attacks?

If I were to stand in place now and only get out of the beam's way at the very last second when the golem fires it at me, would I be able to do it?

As I manage to very narrowly evade another fire beam, I suddenly get the answer to my question. Based on the speed of the beam and the distance between me and my enemy, I'd say I should have just enough time to avoid its next few attacks, provided that its path prediction algorithm doesn't get much better than it already is.


[24] I begin to fly around erratically, to make it harder for the metal giant to anticipate my movements. The golem fires a beam towards me, and then another, and then another, missing every time, but also getting closer with each consecutive shot. Is it starting to predict my movements?... Maybe I'm not flying randomly enough.

As I am trying to adjust my flight patterns so that they are harder to guess, the golem shoots a fire beam only a few inches away from me, and suddenly I can feel my heart beating two times faster than before.

How did it get so close to me? Am I really that predictable? What am I doing wrong?

Realizing that I am very soon going to need to start dodging the lasers right when the golem shoots them, I begin to panic a little. 

Will I be fast enough to dodge every one of its attacks? And what about the limited responsiveness of the currents? How badly is that going to affect me when I need to take split second decisions?

As I manage to very narrowly evade another fire beam, I suddenly realize that the golem had been tilting its head slightly to the side each time, right before attacking me. How did I not notice this until now?


[25] I begin to fly around erratically, to make it harder for the metal giant to anticipate my movements. The golem fires a beam towards me, and then another, and then another, missing every time, but also getting closer with each consecutive shot. Is it starting to predict my movements?... Maybe I'm not flying randomly enough.

As I am trying to adjust my flight patterns so that they are harder to guess, the golem shoots a fire beam only a few inches away from me, and suddenly I can feel my heart beating two times faster than before.

How did it get so close to me? Am I really that predictable? What am I doing wrong?

Realizing that I am very soon going to need to start dodging the lasers right when the golem shoots them, I begin to panic a little. 

Will I be fast enough to dodge every one of its attacks? And what about the limited responsiveness of the currents? How badly is that going to affect me when I need to take split second decisions?

As I manage to very narrowly evade another fire beam, I suddenly get the answer to my question. Based on the speed of the beam and the timing of my reaction, I'd say that my reflexes should in fact be good enough to compensate for the currents' unresponsiveness. It will be very close, though. One small mistake and I'm toast. Let's hope that I can hold out at least until Hadrik gets here.


[26] I begin to fly around erratically, to make it harder for the metal giant to anticipate my movements. The golem fires a beam towards me, and then another, and then another, missing every time, but also getting closer with each consecutive shot. Is it starting to predict my movements?... Maybe I'm not flying randomly enough.

As I am trying to adjust my flight patterns so that they are harder to guess, the golem shoots a fire beam only a few inches away from me, and suddenly I can feel my heart beating two times faster than before.

How did it get so close to me? Am I really that predictable? What am I doing wrong?

Realizing that I am very soon going to need to start dodging the lasers right when the golem shoots them, I begin to panic a little. 

Will I be fast enough to dodge every one of its attacks? And what about the limited responsiveness of the currents? How badly is that going to affect me when I need to take split second decisions?

It does not take me long to find out the answer to my question, because the next fire beam is finally accurate enough to hit me, and also powerful enough to incinerate me in an instant.


[27] I begin to fly around erratically, to make it harder for the metal giant to anticipate my movements. The golem fires a beam towards me, and then another, and then another, missing every time, but also getting closer with each consecutive shot. Is it starting to predict my movements?... Maybe I'm not flying randomly enough.

As I am trying to adjust my flight patterns so that they are harder to guess, the golem shoots a fire beam only a few inches away from me, and suddenly I can feel my heart beating two times faster than before.

How did it get so close to me? Am I really that predictable? What am I doing wrong?

Realizing that I am very soon going to need to start dodging the lasers right when the golem shoots them, I begin to panic a little. 

Will I be fast enough to dodge every one of its attacks? And what about the limited responsiveness of the currents? How badly is that going to affect me when I need to take split second decisions?

It does not take me long to find out the answer to my question, because the next fire beam is finally accurate enough to hit me, and also powerful enough to burn through my hardened aura and incinerate me in an instant.


[28] "Do you remember what the original purpose of our mission to the surface was?" the king says, as he takes out a small metal device out of his pocket. "The reason why we risked so many people's lives despite knowing what an overwhelming force the Overseer had at his disposal?"

"Yeah, um..." Hadrik says. "We came here to destroy the, uhm... core, was it?... Yeah, the Overseer's core."

"Precisely," the king says, and then he hands Hadrik the metal device. "And this little device is what's going to lead you to our main objective. Here, let me show you how to use it."

He then presses a button on the device, and a small three-dimensional holographic map of our surrounding area begins to float above it, similar to the map that Arraka made for us when we were walking through the ogre fort in search of the sacred chalice. This map does not seem to be as detailed as the one made by Arraka, and there are no colored dots to indicate the enemies and allies in our vicinity, but there are however two dots, which I'm assuming are the only ones that are needed for our current purposes.

"I see that neither of you are surprised," the king says, after looking at each of us in turn. "Should I take it that you've seen a holographic map before?"

"Yeah," I say. "Arraka cast one for us in the past."


[29] I close my eyes while the hydra is chasing me and I try to visualize the environments from Ollendor and the ether. On the one hand I've got an endless sea of light, and on the other, I have the wind blowing in my face and a whole bunch of wrecked buildings that I am flying over.

When I will open my eyes, I will see both of these environments at the same time. I will be able to control my bodies from both planes at the same time. I can do this. I can do this.

"What is wrong with you?!" I hear Peter shouting at me in the ethereal plane. "Open your eyes, you fool! The hydra is gaining on you!"

As soon as I do what Peter said, I see the hydra in front of me, ready to take a bite off me, but I'm also seeing the storm and the crashed buildings in my peripheral vision. Even though I'm not focusing on it right now, I feel like I could seamlessly switch my consciousness to my earthen body and then back to my soul again by just blinking my eyes.

I use a gust of wind to push myself away from the hydra before it lunges for me, and then I blink. 

Now I'm back in Ollendor, getting dangerously close to the four metal golems. One of them attacks me with a fire beam, and I roll in mid-air to the right side, getting out of the way in time and then continuing my flight towards them at a high speed. 


[30] "How's that?" the king asks Peter.

"Perfect!" Peter says, as he creates another pillar in mid-air. "Can you keep trapping it in boxes if it tries to teleport out?"

"I believe I can, yes," the king says, just as the hydra teleports outside of the box only to get trapped in another one.

The hydra now tries to breathe flames at the semi-transparent walls of its enclosure, but the fire only gets repelled by the hardened aura and it comes back to burn the entire content of the box, including the fourteen-headed monster.

"Hahaha... That's not the way to get out of an aura prison, you stupid creature," the king of the underground says, as he almost breaks out in a fit of laughter while watching the hydra squirm in pain.


[31] Unfortunately, the time it took me to switch back my focus to the earthen plane and to dash away was not enough for me to escape the beam, and the flames burnt me to ashes in a matter of seconds.


[32] I would've probably been dead if not for my quick reaction time, but I managed to switch my focus back to the earthen plane and to get out of the way just in time to see the golem behind me getting absolutely destroyed by the beam of its comrade-in-arms. The metal giant that attacked me seems to now be regretting its decision, because it is keeping its head down, without making any more movements, as if it were mourning its deceased partner.

This momentary pause gives me the opportunity to go place the final pillar that was needed for the paralysis spell to function in the ethereal plane, and as soon as I'm done, I give the 'okay' signal to Peter so that we can commence our simultaneous casting.

The semi-invisible pillars that have been placed in a circle around the hydra are now all lighting up, and they are beginning to form a perimeter of green light around the monster. The light is getting more and more intense by the second, while the area inside the perimeter is getting bombarded by magical energy.

As the king of the underground releases the hydra from its imprisonment, the green lights from the pillars are now all attacking the monster in unison. Realizing that its time is at an end, the hydra roars loudly with the majority of its heads. The only heads that remain silent, just like the last time, are the brown-colored ones. Coincidentally, these are also the only heads that haven't used any sort of breath attacks so far.

No breath attacks... No roaring... What are they waiting for, exactly?


[33] I take advantage of this opportunity to blink my eyes and to switch my focus to the ethereal plane, so that I can create another one of the magical pillars that are needed for the paralysis spell. Once I am done with that, I go to place the final pillar, while still keeping a close watch on the situation from the earthen plane with the corner of my eye.

As soon as the last pillar is placed as well, I give the 'okay' signal to Peter so that we can commence our simultaneous casting.

The semi-invisible pillars that have been placed in a circle around the hydra are now all lighting up, and they are beginning to form a perimeter of green light around the monster. The light is getting more and more intense by the second, while the area inside the perimeter is getting bombarded by magical energy.

As the king of the underground releases the hydra from its imprisonment, the green lights from the pillars are now all attacking the monster in unison. Realizing that its time is at an end, the hydra roars loudly with the majority of its heads. The only heads that remain silent, just like the last time, are the brown-colored ones. Coincidentally, these are also the only heads that haven't used any sort of breath attacks so far.

No breath attacks... No roaring... What are they waiting for, exactly?


[34] The semi-invisible pillars that have been placed in a circle around the hydra are now all lighting up, and they are beginning to form a perimeter of green light around the monster. The light is getting more and more intense by the second, while the area inside the perimeter is getting bombarded by magical energy.

As the king of the underground releases the hydra from its imprisonment, the green lights from the pillars are now all attacking the monster in unison. Realizing that its time is at an end, the hydra roars loudly with the majority of its heads. The only heads that remain silent, just like the last time, are the brown-colored ones. Coincidentally, these are also the only heads that haven't used any sort of breath attacks so far.

No breath attacks... No roaring... What are they waiting for, exactly?


[35] "Warning!" the Overseer begins to say all of a sudden in a monotone voice, similar to that of the red-eyed drones. "The core is under attack. The core is now in a critical state. All personnel in charge of maintenance are immediately asked to--"

"What have you done?" the Overseer now asks us, in his usual, more expressive voice. "Do you not realize what consequences--"

Once more the Overseer gets interrupted, and when he starts speaking again, his voice keeps switching between tonalities in a very unnatural way.

"This is not over--" the Overseer says, as he begins to teleport away from us, while a bright light is enveloping him. "You may have destroyed the core, but I still have the crystals. And the crystals... are the one thing that you cannot afford to destroy... We will... meet again..."

"Damn it, he's getting away!" I say, as I cast a lightning spell at the green-eyed drone, but my attack doesn't get to reach him before he disappears. "Where do you think he went? Back to his sanctuary?"

"Most likely, yes," the king of the underground says. "But it doesn't matter. Look at what's happening on the earthen plane. The drones are dropping like flies from the sky. The giant golems have all fallen to the ground. The Overseer has lost all control over his minions. He is no longer a threat to us."


[36] Unfortunately, the time it took me to switch back my focus to the earthen plane and to dash away was not enough for me to escape the beam, especially considering how unresponsive my currents are, and the flames burnt me to ashes in a matter of seconds.


[37] I try to cover my ears, but it doesn't have any effect. The voices are all coming from inside my head, and they're only getting louder. After fifteen more seconds of this, the images stop flashing and my consciousness begins to drift in and out between the ethereal and earthen plane, without me having any control over it anymore. As I am still struggling to regain my composure, the voices all stop at the same time. All except for one: the voice that told us to go back to our sanctuaries while we were still fighting the hydra.

'You had been warned,' the voice tells me simply, and then my consciousness flips back and forth between both planes of existence for a thousand times in a single second, while it feels like my soul is being ripped by force from my body. 

"My king, we need to get you back to your mind now!" Peter says, to the king of the underground, and then the two of them quickly teleport away from us.

It's getting cold. So very cold. My thoughts are all a jumble. An extreme fatigue is now taking over me as it feels like the very essence of my being is slowly fading away, along with my imagined body from the ethereal plane, which is becoming more transparent with each passing moment.

"--arry!" I hear Flower's voice as if it were some distant memory. "Barry, look into my eyes! Look at me! Barry!!!"


[38] "Yes..." I say, with my voice barely louder than a whisper.

Just like she asked, I try to remember every small detail that I can from the place called my 'sanctuary', and then I recreate it inside my head. I then close my eyes, so that I can see the image in my mind more clearly.

"I'm imagining it now..." I tell Flower, in the same weak voice as before.

"Do you have a clear image of it?" Flower says, in a somewhat panicky voice. "Are you certain?"

"Yes, yes," I tell her with my eyes still closed. "I'm looking at it as I'm speaking to you. What do I do now?"

I can no longer see my body from the ethereal plane because my eyes are closed, but I can tell that it's only gotten more transparent since I've started talking to Flower. I wonder how many more seconds I have left to live?...


[39] As I'm still waiting for something to happen, I suddenly feel myself being drenched from head to toe in freezing cold water, and when I instinctively jump up, I quickly realize that there is now ground beneath my feet, and it no longer feels like I'm floating in an endless darkness like before. The rain is pouring down my cheeks, a sound of lightning echoes in the distance, and the wind is still blowing.

Is this it?... Am I finally back on the earthen plane for good?

"Are you planning to open your eyes anytime soon, or are you expecting me to talk to you like this?..." I hear Flower's voice, speaking in Illuna's tone.

When I finally open my eyelids, I see Flower standing right in front of me with blue flames in her eyes, confirming to me that Illuna was indeed still the one currently controlling her body on the earthen plane.

Every connection that I had with the ethereal plane is now gone. Even though I'm trying to switch my consciousness to the other realm, it's not working anymore. Could this be the result of my soul finally returning to my sanctuary on the ethereal plane?


[40] "Flower is... fine," Illuna says. "For now, at least. I'm not entirely certain, but it's possible that her recent transformation is shielding her from the ether in some way. It is a little hard to speculate without knowing any more details about this new form of hers. Anyway, I'll be right back."

As Illuna turns her focus back to the ethereal plane, leaving Flower's body to look in front of her with an empty stare, I decide to take a little walk around the plaza, to see what the situation is.

It feels strange to not be able to see the perspective of my soul from the ethereal plane anymore, after everything that's happened. Even though I know for a fact that all the things I've experienced on that plane of existence were real, I still can't shake off the feeling that I've only just woken up from a very long dream. 

I wish I could have explored that world more. I wish I could have tested my spells more. I wonder if I'll ever have the chance to see that place again...

As I continue to walk around the plaza, I see Peter, the king of the underground and Daren standing around in the middle of a few dozen unconscious rebels, looking as if they were discussing something important. I make my way towards them as well, and I greet them as soon as I get close enough.

"I see that you've made it out of there alive," I tell Peter and the king. "Does this mean that you both reached your sanctuaries in time?"


[41] "Flower is... fine," Illuna says. "For now, at least. I'm not entirely certain, but it's possible that her recent transformation is shielding her from the ether in some way. It is a little hard to speculate without knowing any more details about this new form of hers. Anyway, I'll be right back."

As Illuna turns her focus back to the ethereal plane, leaving Flower's body to look in front of her with an empty stare, I decide to take a little walk around the plaza, to see what the situation is.

It feels strange to not be able to see the perspective of my soul from the ethereal plane anymore, after everything that's happened. Even though I know for a fact that all the things I've experienced on that plane of existence were real, I still can't shake off the feeling that I've only just woken up from a very long dream. 

I wish I could have explored that world more. I wish I could have tested my spells more. I wonder if I'll ever have the chance to see that place again...

As I continue to walk around the plaza, I see Peter and the king of the underground standing around in the middle of a few dozen unconscious rebels, looking as if they were discussing something important. I make my way towards them as well, and I greet them as soon as I get close enough.

"I see that you've made it out of there alive," I tell Peter and the king. "Does this mean that you both reached your sanctuaries in time?"


[42] "What about you two?" I ask Peter and the king. "Won't you be coming back with us?"

"We will stay here for a while longer to guard our unconscious comrades," Peter says. "Just to be safe. You never know what enemies might be lurking just around the corner."

"Of course," I say. "I suppose it never hurts to be too careful."

As we are talking, we see Hadrik running towards us and when he spots us, he makes a quick dash in our direction, reaching us in less than a second.

"Hahaha!" Hadrik laughs. "Did you guys see? Did you see what I did to the Overseer? I mean, I guess you couldn't have seen it, but oh, man... Oh, man, the stories I have to tell you. Hold on a sec, I'm gonna take out a few bottles of dwarven ale and I'll tell you all about it!"

He then pulls out some bottles from his backpack like he said he would, and he hands them to us.

"Uh, no bottles for us," the king of the underground says. "We're still on active duty until all of our men are sent back safely to the underground base."

"Sure, no problem!" Hadrik says, as he puts Peter and the king's bottles back in his backpack. "So, anyway, where was I? Oh yeah, I was gonna start from the beginning. Let me tell you what happened right after I reached the door to the Overseer's secret base. Man, you guys are going to love this!"


[43] As Hadrik nods and then walks a little closer to the others, I stand there in place for a few more seconds, contemplating on what just happened.

A fluke. It has to have been a fluke. Hadrik didn't experience anything unusual, so we're not being targeted by the Overseer again. Even if what I saw was real, I was clearly sitting inside my sanctuary, so there shouldn't be anything to worry about. I'm not going to get kicked out into the ether again.

After the brief pause, I decide that there's no point in dwelling on this any further, and I follow Hadrik as well, in order to get ready for our teleportation. 

"Everything is fine," I tell myself, as our bodies begin to vibrate loudly and the usual bright teleportation light envelops us all.

There is nothing to worry about. My consciousness only got sent back to the ethereal plane once, and only for one second. It was probably just a small side-effect due to my soul's prolonged exposure to the ether. I will likely forget all about this in no time, and the event won't ever repeat itself.

Everything is fine.

