
[1] 

[2] "Warning!" the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol will now be activating its new experimental procedures, designed exclusively for the ethereal plane. Please be advised that these new procedures are based upon knowledge from the Magium, and that to this date they remain largely untested. If you have any complaints regarding these new procedures, please refer to section 5C-E789 of the Overseer operating manual."

"Experimental procedures?" I ask, confused. "What the hell is that supposed to--"

Before I get to finish my sentence, a powerful shockwave of pitch-black energy gets released from the Overseer's drone, reaching us in less than a second and disintegrating our bodies almost immediately afterwards. I barely get a few moments to understand what's going on before I lose all of my senses, and then my consciousness fades away completely.


[3] "No reason?..." I tell the king. "You were planning to assassinate us, man! How is that not a good enough reason to consider switching sides? You think we didn't know about your secret plans? The Overseer played a recording for us where you told Albert to deal with us 'discreetly' if we wouldn't agree with you being crowned as the new king of Ollendor. If that is not a direct admission of betrayal, then I don't know what is!"

"Ah, I think I'm finally beginning to understand what is going on," the king of the underground says. "Indeed, if that is what you've heard, then I cannot fault you for your actions. I would have probably interpreted my words in the same way as you, if I were in your place. I realize that it would be pointless by now to tell you that this was all a misunderstanding, so I am instead going to take a leap of faith and trust what you said about you refusing the Overseer's offer. Hopefully, with all this said and done, we can finally put this argument behind us and focus on the more important task of planning our attack against our common foe."


[4] "What do you mean you invented it?!" Peter snaps, all of a sudden. "Are you insane? Brinhorn was the one who invented it, not you! It's even in the name!"

"Well, yes, he asked me if he could name the technique after himself and I said that I didn't mind," I say. "I've met hundreds of Barrys in my lifetime. There really wouldn't have been much point in naming that technique after me."

"You are delusional," Peter says. "And you expect me to believe that Brinhorn even considered accepting you as an apprentice when you couldn't cast any magic at all? This is beyond ridiculous!"

"Now, now, Peter," the king of the underground says. "I will admit that what he told us is a little hard to believe, but he did just show us that he can cast a wide variety of spells in this realm, so that does lend a bit of credence to his story."

The king now turns towards me.

"Either way," he continues, "I believe that we should now know enough of your capabilities to work around them. Peter is a generalist as well, so I'm sure that the two of you will get along just fine."


[5] The white light from the teleportation envelops us once again, as our bodies begin to vibrate loudly. A few seconds later we find ourselves in a different location within the ether, with a green-eyed drone floating somewhere around two dozen feet away from us.

"Processing. Processing..." the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol thanks you for sparing it the effort of looking for you. There is, however, still one last matter that needs to be resolved before I choose my next course of action. Could you please specify the reason why you chose to teleport yourselves here together with the king of the underground and Peter instead of coming alone?"

"Weren't you supposed to be really smart?" I ask the Overseer. "I think you should be able to figure that one out without us telling you."


[6] "If this is how much damage that wave of energy did to my barrier, then it would have certainly obliterated us in an instant if it ever reached us," the king of the underground says. "I don't want to alarm anyone, but I doubt I'll be able to defend us against more than... four of these types of attacks, at most, before my semi-transparent aura shield cracks. And once that happens, I will need a significant amount of time to prepare another one."

"The Overseer protocol apologizes for the inconvenience it has caused," the green-eyed drone says, as it sends another powerful shockwave towards us that creates additional cracks in the king's semi-transparent barrier, while the drone itself is pulsating loudly, making a very strange noise. "The experimental procedures are currently not working as intended. Please be patient while we try to resolve this issue."


[7] "The Overseer protocol is pleased to announce that its first test of the disintegrating beam is a success," the green-eyed drone says, once it is done with its attack. "We will now be commencing the second phase of testing, which will involve firing more than one beam at the same time. To ensure the most optimal testing conditions, please remain stationary so that the drones can hit you more easily. Thank you in advance for your continued cooperation."

As the Overseer is saying this, a few dozen red-eyed drones are appearing out of nowhere throughout the ether, completely surrounding us. I quickly use my air currents to dodge one of their disintegrating beams and then I destroy two of the drones with a lightning spell, so that I can fly past them.

"Everyone scatter!" I shout at the others, as I make my way out of the perimeter that the drones were surrounding. "We need to divide the Overseer's attention as much as we can! And don't stop moving even for a moment!"

"We already know what we need to do," Peter says, as he takes out four drones by himself with an ice spell and then flies away from his other attackers. "None of us were born yesterday."

"Right," I say, as twenty drones suddenly materialize all around me, blocking my every possible path of escape.


[8] "You've... read professor Krygell's article?..." Peter asks me, shocked.

"Yes, but that's not the point," I say, as I'm flying around, dodging disintegrating beams left and right. "I just realized that there is a way to make this work, but we all need to work together."

"What do you mean?" Peter says, as he destroys two more drones, but then two others pop up from nowhere to take their place.

"The one thing that all the scholars agreed on when talking about disintegration was that auras are by far the most resistant to it," I say. "We've already seen how well the king of the underground's hardened aura barrier could withstand that shockwave from before, and we also have Flower, who is an ethereal and a fire elementalist, so she would be the perfect candidate for an experiment like this, thanks to the huge amount of control that she has over her flames. If you and I can keep the other drones away from them in the meantime, they might just be able to pull it off, but we need to hurry!"


[9] "Warning! Warning! Warning!" the green-eyed drone says, as it begins to fly around in circles, while being chased by Flower's black fire. "The danger levels have crossed all acceptable thresholds and therefore the first experimental procedure must be canceled prematurely. Due to unforeseen circumstances, we will begin the second experimental procedure ahead of schedule."

"Second experimental procedure?..." I say. "What second experimental--"

All of a sudden, Flower's ball of fire turns back to its normal orange color, while the red-eyed drones disappear, and now a very large blue summoning circle is starting to form below us.

"Oh no," I say, as we're all getting away from the blue light that is quickly beginning to envelop the area. "Oh no, no, no... Please tell me this isn't going to be another red-eyed mammoth."


[10] "I think you might be right," Peter says, as he is looking very attentively at the seven-headed hydra that is at the moment just staring at us menacingly. "If we go by simple logic, my guess is that dark blue means water, white means air, green means acid, uh... yellow means..."

"Yellow is probably lightning," I say. "We already saw what red and light blue are, so that only leaves brown as earth."

"An earth-breathing hydra head?..." Peter says. "What kind of nonsense is this?"

"Look, it doesn't matter if it breathes earth or not," I say. "The important part is that it will likely be doing something earth-related. And now that we know all this, it should be easier to fight it, since we already know what a hydra's weaknesses are. If it's like a normal hydra, then we could try to chop all its heads off at once, burn it with fire, or stab its heart. Either one of these options should work, hopefully, but we should probably stick to just one for now."


[11] Shortly after I stop talking, I begin to feel one of the most eerie and hard to describe sensations that I've ever experienced in my life. The feeling that I'm getting is as if my consciousness is being repeatedly thrust through a tunnel, back and forth, and it can't seem to decide at which end of the tunnel its destination is. 

As this is happening, I'm finding myself for one second lying face-first in a puddle on a street, during a storm, and for the next second I'm back here on the ethereal plane, floating in the middle of the sea of light. After being thrown around between the earthen and ethereal plane a few more times, I can sense all of the light around me connecting directly to my mind, and then I begin to hear some very clear thoughts in my head, as if they were my own, even though I am positive that I'm not the one thinking them.

"This is not the place to resolve your conflict," the voice in my head says. "Return to your sanctuaries now, and disturb these resting grounds no longer."

"Peter, did you hear that too?" the king of the underground says, as we're all temporarily frozen in place, unsure of what to do. "Who contacted us just now? Was it the ether?"

"I'm... not sure..." Peter says, as he is looking towards the king, with a somewhat fearful look in his eyes.


[12] The only other occasion when I experienced something similar to this was when the Magium tried to erase me and Leila from existence in the seredium tower. For now, my main consciousness still seems to be in the ethereal plane, but at the same time I am also in control of my real body from the earthen plane, except that it doesn't really feel like my body at the moment. It feels more like some kind of... puppet... that I'm controlling with invisible strings.

Come to think of it, I remember Flower saying the same thing about her own body on the earthen plane. That it feels like she's controlling a puppet. Could this be how Flower has been living her life this whole time?

While I am busy contemplating my own existence, I suddenly detect a good number of red-eyed drones approaching me on the earthen plane, as I am still lying on the ground in the middle of a puddle. When I finally get up, I see that the king of the underground is awake on the earthen plane as well, and he is right now raising himself into the sky, so that he can fight the drones.

"You too?" I ask the king of the underground, realizing that I am not the only one whose consciousness is constantly switching between planes.

"Yes," the king answers, simply, and then he flies higher into the sky.


[13] "And what task might that be?" the king of the underground asks.

"The red-eyed units are attempting to carry your unconscious comrades out of the plaza, and to bring them into secure prison cells where they will remain for the foreseeable future," the green-eyed drone says.

"Yes, that's what I thought," the king says.

"If you do not cease your actions on the earthen plane immediately, the Overseer protocol will be forced to take more extreme measures to deal with the threat that you pose to this city's continued prosperity," the Overseer says.

"Extreme measures, you say?..." the king tells the Overseer. "Well, why don't you show these 'extreme' measures to us, then?"

"As you wish," the Overseer says.


[14] "Damn it..." I say. "Hey, king of the underground, are you listening? We need to take the fight away from the plaza or your rebels are going to be squashed to death soon!"

"I can't leave them alone!" the king tells me. "If I fly away now, the red-eyed drones will surely seize the opportunity and capture them all while they're undefended."

"Crap," I say. "You're right."

I then pause for a few seconds, to think of my next course of action.

"In that case, Flower, can you go back to your mind really quick and teleport Hadrik to his sanctuary?" I say. "I'm guessing that he must have remembered where his mind is located, by now. If we can at least have Hadrik awake on the earthen plane, we might have a chance against the golems."

"Only Hadrik?..." Flower says. "What about the others?"


[15] Instead of giving the golem more movement patterns to study, I decide to stop flying around and to just stare straight at it, waiting for it to attack me.

"Hey, I'm right here!" I shout at the golem. "I'm not moving. Are you going to shoot me or what?"

After a few seconds of silence, the golem fires its beam at me, and I move out of the way at the last possible moment. Thankfully, my air currents are extremely responsive, so I was able to pull off my stunt perfectly. Having successfully evaded the attack, I stop in mid-air again, so that I can taunt the golem some more.

"You almost got it, buddy!" I tell the metal giant. "Why don't you try again? I'm sure you'll get it next time."

Once again the golem shoots me with its fire beam but I evade it easily, just as it was about to hit me. Seeing that my enemy has now stopped trying to aim for me and it's just standing there, confused, I cross my arms and then the two of us begin to simply look at each other, in complete silence. Our little staring contest continues for a while longer, until I see a small but familiar shape on the ground approaching the golem at a breathtaking speed.


[16] Using this new information that I've learned, I keep flying in the same way that I normally did for a while longer, but as soon as I see the golem tilting its head, I immediately dash in the opposite direction. The metal giant gets confused by this, and it tries to aim for me once more, but as soon as it tilts its head again, I quickly change my direction, leaving the poor golem in an even more perplexed state than before.

After we repeat these exact same motions a few more times, the golem begins to just stand there, without doing anything, probably because it's trying to understand why its flawless path prediction algorithm is no longer working as intended. This staring contest between us continues for a while longer, until I see a small but familiar shape on the ground approaching the golem at a breathtaking speed.


[17] Just as I had feared, the golem's path prediction algorithm has now been perfected to such a degree that no matter how chaotically I think I'm moving, the metal giant will always be one step ahead of me. After dodging two more beams by relying solely on my reflexes, I decide to stop in mid-air and to taunt the golem, since there really isn't much point in trying to outsmart it anymore.

"Come on!" I shout at the golem, while waving my arms around like a lunatic. "I'm right here! What are you waiting for?! Give it your best shot!"

After a few seconds of silence, the golem fires its beam at me, and I move out of the way at the last possible moment. I then stop somewhere above the golem again, so that I can taunt it some more.

"What's wrong?!" I shout. "Is your fancy algorithm too stupid to hit a stationary target? Can't predict my moves anymore if I'm standing in place? Huh?!"

Once again the golem shoots me with its fire beam but I evade it easily, just as it was about to hit me. Seeing that my enemy has stopped trying to aim for me and it's just standing there, confused, I shrug at it from a distance with my arms stretched, and then we continue to watch each other for a while without saying anything.

While I am still waiting for my opponent to make a move, I see a small but familiar shape on the ground approaching the golem at a breathtaking speed.


[18] "The banshee in the amulet, right..." the king says. "Well, this particular map is nothing too fancy. It's just a simple illusion spell that indicates the device's current position and the position of the core, displaying them as dots on a three-dimensional map. The device was made by doctor Reidzek, so the chances of it malfunctioning should be very low. Anyway, the point is that with the Overseer focusing his attention and most of his forces on this plaza, and with the additional distraction that is created by our ongoing battle against him in the ethereal plane, there is no better moment than this to go destroy his core. Hadrik, with your speed and strength, you should be able to get to this location on the map, eliminate all remaining defenses and destroy the core in a matter of minutes. This whole fight could be over in mere minutes, do you understand what I'm saying?"

"Okay, I get it, but what about the flying metal balls and the giant golems?" Hadrik says. "Couldn't they kill you in minutes too?"

"You leave those to us," the king says, as he pats me on the back. "Barry and I have got it all covered. Isn't that right, Barry?"

"Uh, sure..." I say. "Sure, why not?"

"See?" the king tells Hadrik. "No problem here. Now go! Go, before the Overseer figures out what we're doing!"


[19] Meanwhile, with the corner of my eye I see Peter spraying the hydra with acid in the ethereal plane. The monster brushes off the attack, just like it did with all of the other elements that we've thrown at it, and once it regenerates itself, it begins to go after Peter. I take advantage of this brief pause in the ethereal plane to position myself between two golems, hoping that I can trick them into destroying themselves by shooting their beams at each other. Sadly, the golems are not as stupid as I would have wished, and instead of shooting me, they're slowly walking towards me so that they can squash me between their palms.

I blink again and switch my main focus to the ethereal plane, so that I can fly closer to the hydra and give Peter a helping hand. I begin to do the necessary hand motions for a paralysis spell, and once I am within range, I immediately cast it on the creature.

To our shock, the monster freezes in place right after I hit it with my spell, and it just stays like that for ten seconds, before it finally breaks free. Ten whole seconds of immobilization from a spell that is designed to paralyze human-sized beings?... That is incredible! A mammoth would have barely gotten stopped for more than a second by a spell like this.

Could it be possible that we've finally found the hydra's only weakness?


[20] While I am busy setting up the pillars on the ethereal plane, I also make sure to blink from time to time, so that I can switch my perspective to the earthen plane and position myself in a place where the golems can't shoot at me without risking to destroy each other. After I change my location a few times, I suddenly realize that I may have run out of places to hide from all four golems, and that I might be forced to dodge all of their attacks very soon.


[21] While I am busy setting up the pillars on the ethereal plane, I also make sure to blink from time to time, so that I can switch my perspective to the earthen plane and position myself in a place where the golems can't shoot at me without risking to destroy each other. After I change my location a few times, I suddenly realize that I may have run out of places to hide from all four golems, and that I might be forced to dodge all of their attacks very soon.

Just as I was preparing to engage the metal giants in open combat, I see Daren making a run towards me, with his shield and sword at the ready.

"Barry, over here!" Daren says. "Come take cover behind my shield!"


[22] When I see the two hydra heads looking directly at me, I get a sudden chill down my spine and without thinking, I rush towards the king and Peter, while doing some very quick gestures with my hands and chanting a really old incantation that I can't believe I'm still remembering after all the time that passed since I read about it.

Just as I am finishing my spell, the brown hydra heads open their mouths at last, and the sound that they are making is so loud that it feels like it could rupture our eardrums in a matter of seconds. Fortunately for us, the spell that I was casting earlier finally activates itself, creating a large anti-sound barrier around Peter, the king and myself, which blocks all incoming noises, no matter how powerful they are.

As we are standing within our sound-proof shelter, we watch the hydra roaring silently for about another ten seconds or so, until the pillars unleash their last wave of energy upon the monster, turning it into stone.

"Okay...?" I say, as I look a little confused towards the hydra that had turned into a statue and then I deactivate the anti-sound barrier that was surrounding us. "I could have sworn that this spell was meant to just paralyze, not petrify its target. I honestly have no idea where the petrification came from. But hey, I suppose beggars can't be choosers, right?"

"...How did you know?" Peter asks, after looking at me in silence for a few seconds.


[23] "Really?" I ask the king, as I begin to control my body from the earthen plane like a puppet in order to fly it back to the plaza, while signalling Daren to follow me. "You're not at all worried about that ominous warning that he gave us before he disappeared? Not even a little bit?"

"Worried about what?" the king of the underground says. "About the empty threats of a dying machine? Even if he still somehow manages to remain alive after losing his core, he will be only a shadow of his former self. Without an army, the Overseer is just another drone. And you've seen what I can do to drones."

All of a sudden, we hear Flower teleporting back to us and then we get to see the shock on her face, as she looks at the stone hydra and at the place where the Overseer's green-eyed drone used to be.

"Guys, I'm sorry, I didn't get to teleport everyone yet," Flower says, "but I just had to come back here and confirm that what I was picking up with my magical sense was real... Did you really manage to beat both the hydra AND the Overseer while I was away? That's amazing! How did you even do it?"


[24] "Really?" I ask the king, as I begin to control my body from the earthen plane like a puppet in order to fly it back to the plaza. "You're not at all worried about that ominous warning that he gave us before he disappeared? Not even a little bit?"

"Worried about what?" the king of the underground says. "About the empty threats of a dying machine? Even if he still somehow manages to remain alive after losing his core, he will be only a shadow of his former self. Without an army, the Overseer is just another drone. And you've seen what I can do to drones."

All of a sudden, we hear Flower teleporting back to us and then we get to see the shock on her face, as she looks at the stone hydra and at the place where the Overseer's green-eyed drone used to be.

"Guys, I'm so sorry that I couldn't get back here sooner," Flower says. "I got a really nasty headache because I teleported too many times in a row over large distances and I was worried that I might mess up your fight. I didn't even imagine that you'd beat them so fast! How did you even do it?"


[25] "--arry!" Flower says, as I'm beginning to drift in and out of consciousness, catching only bits and pieces of what she is saying to me. "Listen-- me carefully-- no time-- no matter what-- open your eyes! Do-- hear me?! Barry-- losing you! Barry!!!"

It is hard to tell with my eyes still closed, but I think I'm being enveloped by the white light from Flower's teleporting spell again. Is she trying to send me back to my sanctuary? Is that why she asked me to imagine it inside my head?

As I continue to visualize the empty cube in my mind's eye, the bright light from both the teleportation spell and the ether disappears, and the only thing I can see through my eyelids is complete darkness. Does this mean that the teleportation was successful? I can't tell whether my body is back to normal or not. Aside from the light disappearing, I still feel weak, and it doesn't seem like much has changed.

The silence around me is deafening. The anticipation is killing me. Did I get teleported properly or not? I have to know!


[26] "There was this... darkness," I tell Illuna. "It felt similar to the void that the Magium made me float around in when it almost erased me from the world, except this time I still had my memories and my identity left intact. Wait, no, that's not right... There was also something else different about this... nothingness that I was in. I didn't really get to see it because I had my eyes closed the whole time, but the darkness around me seemed almost... oppressive. Like it was trying to swallow me whole. Do you have any idea what might have happened?"

"Ah, so that's what Flower did," Illuna says. "I had some pretty strong suspicions, but I could barely get any kind of coherent information out of her through our telepathic link when I talked to her earlier. I should probably let her know that she didn't end up killing you by accident before she gives herself a heart attack out of pure anxiety."

"She thought she might have killed me?..." I ask, in an uneasy tone. "Wait, what did she do?"

Instead of answering me, Illuna raises two fingers in the air in front of me, signaling me to be quiet while she talks to Flower telepathically in the ethereal plane. Once she is done, she lowers her hand so that we can resume our conversation.


[27] "Actually, no," the king says. "I'm the only one who went back to his own mind. Peter is not being targeted by the ether, apparently. My guess is that ethereals must be getting special treatment when it comes to such things."

"Yeah, Flower hasn't had any trouble either, so you're probably right," I tell the king. "Hey, uh... How did it go for you?... When you reached your sanctuary, I mean. Did you lose all contact with your soul too, or can you still see things from its perspective?"

"No, I completely lost the ability to see what was happening on the ethereal plane once I got back inside my own mind," the king says. "From what I understand, this is how it's supposed to be. Your soul's aura links itself with the aura of your mind as soon as it enters its premises, and then your mind from the ethereal plane is what manages the connection between your soul and your body here on the earthen plane. What we experienced today was nothing more than an anomaly. Unless you were born as an ethereal, it's not normal to see things from the perspective of your soul. It will likely feel strange for a few more hours to not be able to switch our consciousness between planes anymore, but I'm sure the sensation will pass, and that soon our short escapade through the ethereal realms will feel like nothing more than a dream."

"Yes..." I say. "That's what I'm afraid of..."

