
[1] 

[2] "Look, there's another one of those signposts," Hadrik says. "We're still on the right track!"

It took us a little less than two hours to reach the castle of Thilias from Rose's mansion. When we reached the front gates, Daren signaled the guards to let us through, and once they confirmed our identities, they opened the doors. We all step inside, slowly, as the gates slam shut behind us.


[3] "Look, there's another signpost that shows the way to the castle," Rose says. "We'll be running into these a lot more often as we get closer to our destination. Follow me, we need to go into this alley, next!"


[4] "Good gods, man!" Daren says, exasperated. "Isn't there anything that ever sets you off?"

All of a sudden, the whole area around us gets covered in flames, and all of the ice quickly melts into water, which then almost immediately evaporates into thin air. The flames then disappear as quickly as they appeared, leaving the hallway in the same state it was when we first came in.

"There," Flower says. "I took care of it. Now, does anyone want to go exploring?"


[5] "I'm afraid that I can't let you execute these people, ambassador," we hear Eiden's voice coming from behind us.

As we all turn around, Eiden starts to walk slowly towards the ambassador, and he stops right in front of him. The ambassador is now sweating all over, and it looks like he's barely able to maintain his composure.

"What's the matter, ambassador?" Eiden asks, with a smirk. "Aren't you going to bow before your Creator?"


[6] "Did I, now?" Arraka says. "I must admit that my memory's been a little fuzzy, lately. I wonder why... Oh, I know why! It must be because of all the SPINNING!"

Eiden looks at me, with his closed eyes and smiles. I only now realize that I might have been speaking a little too loudly. He chooses not to comment on our conversation, and he starts walking slowly towards the ambassador. When he stops in front of him, we can see that the ambassador is sweating all over, and that he's barely able to maintain his composure.

"What's the matter, ambassador?" Eiden asks, with a smirk. "Aren't you going to bow before your Creator?"

