
[1] 

[2] "For this fight, we are going to try something a little different," the announcer says. "The members of the fourth division will have to fight not two, not three, but four different types of our strongest creatures, and they'll have to kill them all if they want to advance to the next round. This change in our schedule was a personal request from our esteemed arena owner, mister Venard."

That bastard. Is this his way of telling me that in order to make it out of here alive, I'll need to outperform both Hadrik and Daren? You have got to be kidding me!

"Just make sure that you all follow my orders, and everything will be alright!" Bruce says.

"I knew it!" the ex-noble thug says. "I knew that you would start playing leader as soon as we'd get into the arena. I already told you, nobody is going to listen to you. So you can take your orders and shove them up your arse!"


[3] "I surrender!" Daren shouts, as loud as he can. "I cannot fight this man. How could I?"

"This fight is to the death, healer," the announcer says. "Even if this man is your friend--"

"I mean, look at those muscles!" Daren shouts loudly, interrupting the announcer. "No sane man would ever dare fight such a beast!"

Suddenly all of the spectators in the crowd burst into laughter.

"Those arms look like he could smash my head like a watermelon between his bare hands!" Daren continues, with a mocking grin on his face. "And look at the size of his back! May the gods have mercy on my soul!"

Laugh it up, Daren... 

Still, I have to give credit where credit is due. The idea to surrender was genius. Genius, and yet so obvious. How did I not think of this?

While the crowds are still laughing, the ambassador of Ollendor is making his way into the fighting area through one of the iron gates, and he is heading towards us.

"What is the meaning of this?" the ambassador shouts, and the crowds slowly fall silent. "Why aren't you fighting? This is a fight to the death! You can't just surrender!"


[4] "If you don't kill each other, I'll have you both executed!" the ambassador shouts.

"No, you won't," Daren says, loudly, so that everyone can hear him. "There is no standard arena rule that says we need to kill each other. We only broke one of this event's rules. That means that you can't execute us. You can only make us into undesirables, and force us to participate in the penalty round. Those are the rules."

"I don't care about the rules!" the ambassador shouts. "I make the rules! You will do as I say, or you are both going to die!"

There is a loud murmur coming from the spectator seats after the ambassador's last outburst. The ambassador does not notice, and he continues his rant.


[5] "How does it feel, ambassador?" we suddenly hear Eiden's voice, coming from somewhere behind the ambassador, although the stillwater himself is nowhere to be seen.

"Damn it, not again!" Daren says, as soon as he hears Eiden's voice.

"Is that... Eiden?" the ambassador says, as he looks around, trying to identify the source of the sound.

"How does it feel to have so many people threatening to end your life at the same time?" Eiden says. "Take a good look at these people, ambassador. Do you think that they would care about your high rank if you met them now on the street? Do you think that they would hesitate to kill you, even for a moment, if they were given the chance to do so?"

He pauses.

"These are the people that you've shunned all of your life, ambassador," Eiden continues. "And you have done so due to your strict adherence to the belief that all of the people below your social rank were nothing but inferior creatures, unworthy of your attention. Do you still have what it takes to stick to your beliefs now, and face the direct consequences of your actions? What choice will you make, ambassador? Your time is running out."


[6] Daren pauses for a bit, as if he were actually waiting for Eiden to say something.

"Great!" Daren says. "Here goes!"

He then throws his sword with breathtaking speed, right at the spot where Eiden was standing invisibly a few minutes prior. The sword passes through the empty space where the stillwater had been standing, and it falls on the ground, a few dozen feet beyond that position. Looking a bit disappointed, Daren lets out a small sigh, and he goes to retrieve his sword. 
  
Not long after the departure of the ambassador, the announcer officially ends the fight between me and Daren, and he declares me as the victor of the battle, due to Daren's surrender. As I am preparing to return to my division room, the announcer stops me, telling me that I was scheduled to fight to the death with a gladiator from the sixth division right after my battle with Daren. The announcer also reminds me that as an undesirable, I now have the right to refuse to fight until the penalty round, if I so desire.


[7] I dance around the warrior enough to get him a bit tired, and as soon as I catch him on the wrong footing, I stab him with my dagger in the left side of the abdomen, which is the most undefended part of his body at the time I reach him. The cut does not go very deep, but it is enough for the gladiator to panic and to jump back, in order to get away from my blade. I quickly follow him, and I slash at him again, which makes him trip and fall on his back, while dropping the battle-axe from his hands. I then kick the weapon away from him, and I put my dagger to his throat, to make sure that he won't try to get up anymore.


[8] The noise from the crowd slowly dies down, as the spectators are all looking at me, curiously, to see what I have to say.

"What the hell is wrong with you?" I continue. "Is this what you consider entertainment? Watching people murder each other and get mauled by wild beasts? How sick in the head do you have to be to get enjoyment out of something like this? You're all pathetic! Does it make you feel good to know that some people have even worse lives than you? Is this why you're watching this crap? Well, I've got news for you! As soon as you walk out of here, it's going to be the same crappy lives waiting for you, outside! And you all deserve it! The way you are all treating these gladiators is the same way that the nobles are treating you. You have no right to complain about anything that is going on in your lives. How about you all take a small break and do a bit of self-reflection before you start booing me again like a bunch of mindless sheep? I'm going back to my cell. I'm done with you idiots."

Unsurprisingly, as soon as I finish my speech, the booing from the crowd gets louder than ever before, and the swearing is now a lot more diverse, as well. I ignore the sheep, and I return to my division area without as much as a single glance towards any of them.

"Wow," Leila writes, when the iron gate closes behind me. "That was... quite the speech."

"Yeah," I say, simply, and then we both watch the next fights in silence.


[9] Daren, Hadrik, Kate and I all head towards the center of the arena, and we stand side by side, preparing our weapons. 

"Now, who is ready to participate in the final--" the announcer starts to say, but he stops, when he sees Leila and Bruce both move at the same time, in order to join our side.

"What are you doing?" the announcer says. "You are on the wrong side! Neither of you are undesirables!"

"Yet!" Bruce says.

"You are saying," the announcer says, "that you are voluntarily turning yourselves into undesirables after the event has already ended, just to stand by these gladiators' side?"

"The true members of the fourth division shall stand united until the very last blow of the horn," Bruce says.

Wilhelm frowns at Bruce, who was looking straight at him when he said those last words. The assassin, however, chooses not to respond to Bruce's provocation, and he remains in his spot.


[10] Daren, Hadrik, Kate and I all head towards the center of the arena, and we stand side by side, preparing our weapons. 

"Now, who is ready to participate in the final--" the announcer starts to say, but he stops, when he sees Leila and Bruce both move at the same time, in order to join our side.

"What are you doing?" the announcer says. "You are on the wrong side! Neither of you are undesirables!"

"Yet!" Bruce says.

"You are saying," the announcer says, "that you are voluntarily turning yourselves into undesirables after the event has already ended, just to stand by these gladiators' side?"

"The true members of the fourth division shall stand united until the very last blow of the horn," Bruce says.

Wilhelm frowns at Bruce, who was looking straight at him when he said those last words. After a few seconds of silence, the assassin moves from his spot and then joins our side as well.


[11] Daren, Kate and I all head towards the center of the arena, and we stand side by side, preparing our weapons. 

"Now, who is ready to participate in the final--" the announcer starts to say, but he stops, when he sees Hadrik, Leila and Bruce all move at the same time, in order to join our side.

"What are you doing?" the announcer says. "You are on the wrong side! Neither of you are undesirables!"

"Yet!" Bruce says.

"You are saying," the announcer says, "that you are voluntarily turning yourselves into undesirables after the event has already ended, just to stand by these gladiators' side?"

"The true members of the fourth division shall stand united until the very last blow of the horn," Bruce says.

Wilhelm frowns at Bruce, who was looking straight at him when he said those last words. The assassin, however, chooses not to respond to Bruce's provocation, and he remains in his spot.

"And what about you, dwarf?" the announcer asks Hadrik.

"Well, you know me," Hadrik says. "I always like a good challenge!"


[12] Daren, Kate and I all head towards the center of the arena, and we stand side by side, preparing our weapons. 

"Now, who is ready to participate in the final--" the announcer starts to say, but he stops, when he sees Hadrik, Leila and Bruce all move at the same time, in order to join our side.

"What are you doing?" the announcer says. "You are on the wrong side! Neither of you are undesirables!"

"Yet!" Bruce says.

"You are saying," the announcer says, "that you are voluntarily turning yourselves into undesirables after the event has already ended, just to stand by these gladiators' side?"

"The true members of the fourth division shall stand united until the very last blow of the horn," Bruce says.

Wilhelm frowns at Bruce, who was looking straight at him when he said those last words. After a few seconds of silence, the assassin moves from his spot and then joins our side as well.

"And what about you, dwarf?" the announcer asks Hadrik.

"Well, you know me," Hadrik says. "I always like a good challenge!"


[13] "Really?" the announcer asks, shocked, as he sees that none of the gladiators are volunteering to fight. "No one? Do you people realize what you can gain if you kill either one of those warriors in front of you? You can be freed just like that, or get showered with riches!"

"Better to be poor than dead," one of the gladiators says, while many of the others nod in agreement.

"What do you all think you are doing?" the ambassador shouts furiously, as he comes running into the fighting area once more. "Why aren't you fighting them? There are dozens of you! Dozens!"

"Numbers don't mean anything when you're up against enemies of that caliber," one of the gladiators says.


[14] "Oh, no..." the announcer says, trying to keep calm. "Will the spectators please evacuate the arena in a calm and orderly fashion? The show is cancelled. I repeat. The show is cancelled!"

The spectators are now rushing in droves towards the exits of the coliseum, and while they are not looking very calm and orderly to me, they are at least not knocking each other down, so they still have some sense of self-control left in them, despite their panic.

Now that he's done with the spectators, the announcer turns towards us.

"Gladiators," he says. "I'm afraid that I'm going to have to ask you to temporarily join the forces of our army until our current crisis gets averted. According to the laws of Thilias, during a city-wide state of emergency, gladiators are to be used as resources of the kingdom, until the state of emergency is officially declared to be over."


[15] The announcer screams, and he falls on his back, as soon as he sees the dragon. The spectators look terrified. They are now screaming and pushing each other like madmen. At this rate, it won't take long until some of them get pushed to the ground and get trampled by the stampeding crowd.

The ambassador lets out a girly scream, and he runs away, as fast as his legs can carry him, outside of the fighting area.

"Did you think that you could hide from me forever, half-lessathi?" Tyrath says. "You should have realized that I would be able to track down your smell as soon as you'd get out from your underground hole. All you managed to do was prolong the inevitable."


[16] "The seal," Tyrath says again. "How did you break it?"

"Oh, that old thing had already started to crack after the first thousand years or so," Arraka says. "As soon as there were enough cracks in it, all I had to do was wait for someone to enter the cave, and BAM! I took over his body. Or at least I tried to. We ended up having to share it, eventually. But seriously, though, what did you think would happen? You had to ally yourself with all of those lessathi and mages just to stand a chance against me, and you thought that your half-assed seal would hold me there forever? Don't make me laugh! The only reason why you even managed to beat me was because I'd only just gotten myself banned from the magical plane, and I didn't really know the ins and outs of this world at the time. If we had a rematch now, I'd obliterate you."

"You would obliterate me from inside your amulet?" Tyrath says.

"Hey, you break this amulet for me, and we can have that rematch right now, if you want," Arraka says.

"You can stay there and rot," Tyrath says. "I didn't come here for you. I came here to get revenge, and to prove to an insignificant insect just how hopeless it is to oppose me."


[17] "Nice job distracting him, Barry!" Flower says, as she gives me a thumbs up, while still floating in the sky, with the aid of the fire jets coming from her feet. 

"Watch out!" I shout at her. "The dragon is immune to fire!"

"Even if he is immune to fire," Illuna says, "the impact from the explosions is still going to leave a mark."

"Well, you heard her!" Flower says, with a smirk. "One more fireball, coming up!"

The girl then creates a spinning ball of fire between her hands, and she sends it flying towards the dragon, making it explode on impact.

"So this is the dragon that you guys were talking about," Hadrik says, with half a grin, and with a look of both excitement and apprehension in his eyes. "Let's see what he's made of, then!"

Hadrik then turns into a giant eagle, and he soars into the sky, towards the dragon. Flower makes sure to stop her fireballs when she sees him, and as soon as Hadrik positions himself above Tyrath, he turns back into his usual dwarf form, making a dive towards the dragon and punching him in the back. Hadrik's punch was so strong that we heard it from all the way down here, and it sent the dragon flying a dozen feet towards the ground. The dwarf then turns back into an eagle, and he flies away, waiting to see what his opponent will do next.


[18] "Damn it, listen to me!" Daren says, but Kate ignores him, and she surrounds herself in a cage made of ice that she then uses to lift her up in the sky, so she can get a better view of her target.

The cone of ice that she's creating is definitely looking a lot different from anything she's ever made before. It looks as sharp and durable as elven steel, and it is simply radiating magical energy. It feels like the whole area around it is trembling from the magical power that is being pumped into that one ice cone, and once the creation process is complete, the cone starts turning by itself, following the dragon's movements. After Tyrath teleports a few more times in order to attack Flower, Hadrik finally catches up to him again, in his eagle form, and he turns into a dwarf once more, punching him right in the face.


[19] Flower then starts to move around the dragon's cage with her fire jets, creating balls of fire with her hands, and then leaving them floating one by one, all around the cage. 

"I'd like to see you handle all of these at once, king of dragons," Flower says, with a smirk.

The dragon scoffs, and he begins to cast a series of protection spells on himself, getting prepared for the moment when the cage disappears. Kate is now also creating as many of her newly designed ice cones as she can, although judging by the expression on her face, this process is definitely wearing her out much faster than her usual means of casting magic. I don't know if she can keep this up much longer.

Damn it, there has to be something I can do in this situation. Maybe I can find a way to get up there somehow.


[20] "What do you mean the pilots and the gunners aren't here, yet?" Golmyck says. "I specifically asked for three pilots and gunners to be ready and waiting in case any of the manticores went berserk! Where are they now?"

"I apologize, your highness," says the man who helped push the machinery. "The manticores were all killed in the first round, so the pilots and gunners went out for a drink. I tried to contact them through their transceivers, but they wouldn't answer..."

"Damnations!" Golmyck says. "I'd pilot one of these myself, but I still need someone to man the guns!"

He then turns towards us.

"You there, gladiators!" he says. "You're all in the army now, am I correct? Do any of you have any experience piloting aircraft? Or are you at least any good at aiming from a moving vehicle? I could use some help, here!"


[21] "Perfect!" Golmyck says. "When I designed these machines, I tried to make the controls as intuitive as possible for people who have piloted other gnomish machines in the past. I'm glad to see that my efforts were not wasted!"

The gnome looks up at the dragon trapped in the golden cage, with a thoughtful expression on his face.

"Barry," Golmyck says, "you wouldn't happen to know how much longer that cage is going to last, would you?"

"Uh..." I say. "About two more minutes, I guess?..."

"Good," Golmyck says. "We have plenty of time. Hop in. I'll give you the rest of the instructions during our flight. Make sure to strap yourself in tight. Also, you should wear these goggles."

Golmyck gives me a pair of protective goggles, which I immediately put on, and then I enter the cockpit, strapping myself in. There are only two chairs in the cockpit, one for the gunner and one for the pilot, back to back. The gnome enters the cockpit as well, seating himself on the chair behind me and then putting on his straps.


[22] "Of course, of course," Golmyck says. "That's why we won't be using regular bullets. The bullets that I've loaded into this turret are made of a metal that is highly resistant to acid, and they have all been coated with acid, which we know for a fact that the dragon is weak against. We've had these prepared for a while, since Tyrath has been a looming threat for quite some time, now. Obviously, even with the acid coating, the bullets will likely only moderately inconvenience him, but that's fine, since they are only meant as a distraction."

The gnome looks up at the dragon trapped in the golden cage, with a thoughtful expression on his face.

"Barry," Golmyck says, "you wouldn't happen to know how much longer that cage is going to last, would you?"

"Uh..." I say. "About two more minutes, I guess?..."

"Good," Golmyck says. "We have plenty of time. Hop in. I'll give you the rest of the instructions during our flight. Make sure to strap yourself in tight. Also, you should wear these goggles."

Golmyck gives me a pair of protective goggles, which I immediately put on, and then I enter the cockpit, strapping myself in. There are only two chairs in the cockpit, one for the gunner and one for the pilot, back to back. The gnome enters the cockpit as well, seating himself on the chair behind me and then putting on his straps.


[23] I pull on the lever to my left side in order to increase the pitch, and the flying machine begins to slowly gain altitude.

"So, you were saying before that the bullets are only a distraction," I say, rather loudly, in order to compensate for the sound of the propeller. "What did you mean by that?"

"Oh, the real purpose of this machine is not to shoot down the dragon," Golmyck says. "What we are in fact aiming to do is to manage to place ourselves above him, and then to drop a spinning rope on him."

"A spinning rope?" I ask him, confused.

"Yes," the gnome says. "Our enchanters designed a magical rope that is made to unfurl itself and then to start spinning once it gets dropped from our small cargo hold below. The rope has been enchanted to be nearly unbreakable, and it is long enough to tie down the dragon's wings, in order to prevent him from flying. The only problem is that the dragon will need to hover in one place for quite a while and not be paying attention to us in order for this setup to work. We can't do it after the cage is dismissed, because there will be too many explosions, and the dragon will try to get away from there as soon as possible. We only have one cargo hold, and only one rope, so we can't afford to miss our chance. We shouldn't use it unless we are absolutely certain that our plan will succeed. Until then, we'll only be using bullets to attack him, in order to provide assistance to your friends and my soldiers that will be attacking the dragon at the same time."

"And what if the dragon starts breathing fire at us?" I say.


[24] "Yes," the gnome says. "Our enchanters designed a magical rope that is made to unfurl itself and then to start spinning once it gets dropped from our small cargo hold below. The rope has been enchanted to be nearly unbreakable, and it is long enough to tie down the dragon's wings, in order to prevent him from flying. The only problem is that the dragon will need to hover in one place for quite a while and not be paying attention to us in order for this setup to work. We can't do it after the cage is dismissed, because there will be too many explosions, and the dragon will try to get away from there as soon as possible. We only have one cargo hold, and only one rope, so we can't afford to miss our chance. We shouldn't use it unless we are absolutely certain that our plan will succeed. Until then, we'll only be using bullets to attack him, in order to provide assistance to your friends and my soldiers that will be attacking the dragon at the same time."

"And what if the dragon starts breathing fire at us?" I say.


[25] Almost as soon as he gets away from all the explosions, the dragon uses his fire breath to attack Kate. He was rather far from her when he attacked, however, which gave Kate enough time to move her ice cage out of the way, before the flames reached her. Tyrath now attempts to make a dive towards her, but before he reaches his target, the king's soldiers activate their strange weapons in unison, and they release a very powerful bolt of lightning that hits him head on. Visibly upset, the dragon begins to rain down flames upon them, trying to dispose of them all at once. Luckily, Daren had already reached the spectator area a while ago, and as soon as he sees the flames, he uses his shield to create a large semi-transparent barrier, which defends all of the soldiers from the fire attack.

I think I'm finally starting to understand how the dragon's fire breathing works. It seems that he needs to inhale a great deal of air in his lungs before he attacks, and he also never exhales the fire right away afterwards. I'm guessing that this is because he first needs to ignite the fire, before breathing it out. This means that as long as you pay attention to his breathing, you should be able to tell when he'll attack you with fire, and you'll have all the time you need to dodge his flames, if you are fast enough.


[26] Almost as soon as he gets away from all the explosions, the dragon uses his fire breath to attack Kate. He was rather far from her when he attacked, however, which gave Kate enough time to move her ice cage out of the way, before the flames reached her. Tyrath now attempts to make a dive towards her, but before he reaches his target, the king's soldiers activate their strange weapons in unison, and they release a very powerful bolt of lightning that hits him head on. Visibly upset, the dragon begins to rain down flames upon them, trying to dispose of them all at once. Luckily, Daren had already reached the spectator area a while ago, and as soon as he sees the flames, he uses his shield to create a large semi-transparent barrier, which defends all of the soldiers from the fire attack.

I think I'm finally starting to understand how the dragon's fire breathing works. It seems that he needs to inhale a great deal of air in his lungs before he attacks, and he also never exhales the fire right away afterwards. I'm guessing that this is because he first needs to ignite the fire, before breathing it out. This means that as long as you pay attention to his breathing, you should be able to tell when he'll attack you with fire, and you'll have all the time you need to dodge his flames, if you are fast enough.

"Hey," I tell Golmyck. "I think I just found out one of the dragon's weaknesses. He always needs to inhale a lot of air in his lungs before he can use a fire attack. He also needs to wait a second or two for the fire to ignite, before he can breathe it out. As long as you pay attention to his breathing, you should be able to anticipate when he's going to shoot fire at you."


[27] "Can't this thing go any faster?" I ask Golmyck.

"I'm afraid not," Golmyck says. "I'll try to shake him off."

Golmyck pulls on the control stick as hard as he can, and the plane quickly changes its direction. This does not fool the dragon, however, who immediately matches our trajectory, without falling behind. When he reaches us, Tyrath dives directly towards our cockpit, and he grabs me in his hind claws, crushing me between them, and killing me on the spot.


[28] As the dragon gets closer to us, Hadrik finally catches up to him in his eagle form, and he turns back into a dwarf in order to smack him in the back of the head. He then quickly turns into an eagle again, and he flies away, while one of Kate's ice cones penetrates the dragon's chest. Tyrath pulls the cone out with his claw, and then he starts inhaling air to prepare his fire breath, but just as he does that, the whole air around his head gets replaced with water, and he breathes that in, instead. Realizing his mistake, the dragon immediately attempts to cough out the water from his lungs, but the water around his head does not disappear, so all he manages to do is breathe more water in with every cough.

"This is it," Golmyck says. "This is our chance! See if you can fly us over the dragon while he's busy with the water, so I can drop the spinning rope on him."

"Alright," I say. "I'll try."

The dragon is now moving up and down, shaking his head violently, in an attempt to get rid of all the water above his neck.

"There's no use fighting it," Illuna tells the dragon, in a cold voice. "That water won't go away. And you can't burn it with your flame breath either, as long as you can't get rid of all that water in your lungs. Stop struggling and accept your fate."

"Hah!" Arraka says. "How do you like drowning in mid-air, Tyrath? I'm the one who taught this technique to Illuna, you know. You were blowing all that hot air just now, but in the end it turns out you can't even defeat one of my disciples! I guess you were never a match for me after all. Aha- AHAHAHAHA!!!"


[29] "Can't this thing go any faster?" I ask Golmyck.

"I'm afraid not," Golmyck says. "I'll try to shake him off."

Golmyck pulls on the control stick as hard as he can, and the plane quickly changes its direction. This does not fool the dragon, however, who immediately matches our trajectory, without falling behind. When he reaches us, Tyrath dives directly towards our cockpit, and he grabs me in his hind claws, crushing me between them, and killing me on the spot.


[30] As the dragon gets closer to us, Hadrik finally catches up to him in his eagle form, and he turns back into a dwarf in order to smack him in the back of the head. He then quickly turns into an eagle again, and he flies away, while one of Kate's ice cones penetrates the dragon's chest. Tyrath pulls the cone out with his claw, and then he starts inhaling air to prepare his fire breath, but just as he does that, the whole air around his head gets replaced with water, and he breathes that in, instead. Realizing his mistake, the dragon immediately attempts to cough out the water from his lungs, but the water around his head does not disappear, so all he manages to do is breathe more water in with every cough.

"This is it," Golmyck says. "This is our chance! I will try to fly us over the dragon while he's busy with the water. When I give you the signal, pull that lever on your right. It will drop the spinning rope from the cargo hold. Do you see the lever I'm talking about?"

"Yeah, I see it," I say. "I'll wait for your signal."

The dragon is now moving up and down, shaking his head violently, in an attempt to get rid of all the water above his neck.


[31] Just as the gnome said, the rope unfurls as it falls, and then it starts spinning by itself. The dragon is too busy catching his breath to look above him, and as soon as the rope reaches him, it ties itself around his wings, preventing him from flapping them any further. Tyrath looks shocked, as he starts falling towards the ground, and his first reaction is to try and break free from the rope by using the force of his wings. Failing that, he begins to chew on the rope with his fangs, while also attempting to cut it with his claws, but it's no use. As he gets closer to the ground, the dragon tries using the last of his magic energy reserves to slow down his momentum by teleporting a few dozen feet above his position a few times in a row. This does not slow down his falling speed at all, however, and eventually he hits the ground, with an extremely loud noise, creating a crater in the middle of the arena's fighting area, and sending large clouds of dust all around him.

"The dragon is grounded!" Golmyck shouts, suddenly, to everyone in the area. "Finish him off, now!"

"ENOUGH!" Tyrath shouts loudly, and a very powerful explosion of hot air originating from his position suddenly hits us all in the face.


[32] "Ridiculous," Tyrath says. "That old pact has long ago lost its meaning. The only reason why we signed the pact in the first place was because our powers used to be comparable. That has no longer been the case for more than a hundred years. Ever since you left the continent, you've only grown weaker, and now you are but an empty shell of your former self. If you didn't always resort to petty tricks, I would have killed you a century ago. You are no longer a threat, stillwater, and therefore, our pact is now void."

"Is it?" Eiden asks, with a wide smile. "Well, let us declare a new pact, then!"

All of a sudden, the air all around us starts to feel like it's weighing heavily on our shoulders, and the world itself seems like it is trembling. It's almost as if there was now an earthquake in the middle of the air, instead of the earth below, and the blue sky looks as if it is ready to crack any minute, under the pressure. I realize immediately that this is the direct result of Eiden unleashing his magical aura, and that this may well not even be the true extent of his power.

"Well, well," I hear Arraka talking from somewhere behind us. "I see that Eiden has finally decided to get a little bit serious."

"A little bit?" Illuna shouts at her, in disbelief.

"We never really got to name our old pact," Eiden tells Tyrath, "but we could call this new one 'The pact of the Creator's return'. What do you say, old friend? Will our words be enough this time, or should I get a pen and paper?"


[33] The dragon then soars higher into the skies, and he flies away from us, in the same direction that he came from when he first attacked us.

"Farewell, king of all dragons," Eiden says, as the dragon leaves.

"Eiden!" we hear a girl's voice coming from one of the empty sides of the spectator seats. "Hey, Eiden, do you hear me?"

I look towards the coliseum, and I see that there is a young girl in her late teens standing all alone in the middle of the deserted spectator seats, and she has been shouting Eiden's name for a while now.

"Damn it!" the girl says. "Don't you dare ignore me!"

Eiden makes a bored hand wave in the general direction of the girl, and suddenly, none of the words she is speaking are reaching us anymore, although the girl doesn't seem to have realized it herself, and she still appears to be shouting louder than ever. Did Eiden just cast a silencing spell?

Eiden then turns towards the soldiers from the king's army, who are all looking at him as if they've seen a ghost. Eiden's smile widens when he sees them, and he decides to give them a parting message before he leaves.

"Well, what are you all standing there for?" Eiden asks the soldiers. "Go on, spread the news! Spread it far and wide. Rejoice, for your Creator has finally returned!"


[34] Wait a minute... This girl knows Eiden... And she wears similar clothing to him... So, does this mean that... No, no, no, what am I even thinking about? It's just a coincidence. There's no way that this girl could be a--

"Hey, Barry, are you coming?" Daren tells me.

"Oh, yeah, yeah, I'll be right there," I say, as I throw the young girl one last hesitant look, and then I head towards Daren.


[35] All of a sudden, Kate, Daren and I slowly begin to get raised from the ground, and as we are floating, we all get turned around, simultaneously, to face the opposite way. Standing in front of us now is the young girl in pajamas from before, smiling pleasantly at us.

"Well, then!" the girl says, with a smile, while clapping her hands together. "Now that I've got your attention, perhaps we could have a little chat? I promise you that this won't take any longer than a few minutes!"

