
[1] 

[2] "Well, what are you going to do about it?" Daren tells him, with a smirk, when he reaches us.

The ambassador's face turns red with rage, and then he looks towards me.

"You there!" he says. "Peasant! Your opponent is disarmed. Finish him off now, or face the consequences!"


[3] This information will really help me while I pilot the aircraft, because I don't think that I'd have time to maneuver out of the way otherwise.

Tyrath seems to have changed his mind again, and he's now chasing after Hadrik, who is currently in his eagle form. Even with Hadrik's speed, it still seems like the dragon is going to catch up to him soon. Maybe now would be a good time to make use of those acid coated bullets?


[4] "Nice catch," Golmyck says. "I will definitely keep that in mind, while I pilot the aircraft."

Tyrath seems to have changed his mind again, and he's now chasing after Hadrik, who is currently in his eagle form. Even with Hadrik's speed, it still seems like the dragon is going to catch up to him soon. Maybe now would be a good time to make use of those acid coated bullets?


[5] "There's no use fighting it," Illuna tells the dragon, in a cold voice. "That water won't go away. And you can't burn it with your flame breath either, as long as you can't get rid of all that water in your lungs. Stop struggling and accept your fate."

"Hah!" Arraka says. "How do you like drowning in mid-air, Tyrath? I'm the one who taught this technique to Illuna, you know. You were blowing all that hot air just now, but in the end it turns out you can't even defeat one of my disciples! I guess you were never a match for me after all. Aha- AHAHAHAHA!"


[6] Following the explosion, the dragon's body changes completely, and it starts looking like it is now covered by molten lava, and not by regular scales anymore. He is also now emanating an intimidating fiery aura that is completely different from the one he had before. But that is not all. The magic power that I am now sensing from him is simply insane. If I were to compare it with anything I've felt before, I'd say that it's on a pretty similar level to the magical power of the golden fox. Is this seriously the true form of the red dragon, Tyrath? The one that Arraka was talking about earlier, before we began the fight? How are we even supposed to fight something like this? 

The rope that was tying the dragon's wings has already been burned into ashes by the dragon's transformation. Tyrath now soars back into the sky, looking more menacing than ever before.

"This is all my fault," Tyrath says, in an unusually calm tone. "I alone am to blame for having given you the illusion that you could actually stand a chance against me. I am now going to fix that mistake. Instead of continuing to fight you individually, I will simply destroy this whole city and everyone in it with a single spell. This way, there will be no more misunderstandings."


[7] He then disappears once more, leaving the soldiers just as confused as they were before.

"I think it's about time we descended back to the fighting area, Barry," Golmyck says. "Our job here is done."

