
[1] 

[2] After making sure that none of us had any better ideas for infiltrating Ollendor, we all walked out of the forest and headed for the main road that led towards the city gates. On each side of the road, we could see the wooden houses of all the peasants living outside the city, who were each busy working their fields. As we walked past the farmers, a few of them glanced shortly in our direction, but for the most part they didn't pay much attention to us and just kept going about their business. Looking at their faces, I couldn't help but notice that they had the same tired looks in their eyes as the orphans from the Beacon of Hope. It seemed as if they'd given up hope long ago and they had all resigned themselves to their fates, which were no longer in their hands.

We all followed Melindra's advice and we didn't talk amongst ourselves until we reached the gates. Once we arrived close to our destination, Daren stepped to the front so he could address the guard in front of the city's entrance.


[3] As the guard talks, I suddenly remember the text on that rock from Melindra's collection, which said that 'The password is griffin beak'. Could it be possible that it was referring to the password required to enter the city of Ollendor?


[4] "Using brute force is our absolute last resort," Daren says. "Didn't you see those golems? Those are just one of their many defenses. Who knows what else they will be pulling out of their sleeves, while we try to fight our way to the palace. Anyway, it's not like we're completely out of options. We just found out that we need some sort of password to get in. All we need now is a plan to find out the password, and we will be right back on track." 

"Maybe we could obtain that information from the villagers, somehow," Leila writes. "I'm guessing that the farmers should know the password, since they would need to enter the city on a daily basis to shop for supplies."

"Leila makes a good point," Illuna says. "We could try to bribe one of the villagers. I'm guessing that it shouldn't be too hard to find someone willing to break the rules for some extra money in a village full of impoverished people."

"It's not as easy as you might think," Melindra says. "This city isn't like Thilias. Breaking the law here may well get your entire family murdered, or worse. Most people wouldn't take that risk, no matter how much money was at stake." 


[5] It doesn't take us long to find the tavern, after following the directions from that villager. Even though it wasn't written anywhere on the building that it was a tavern, we could see people walk out of it who were barely able to stand on their feet and who smelled strongly of alcohol, so there was no mistaking it.

We both enter the tavern and once we reach the counter, Hadrik immediately asks the bartender for the strongest alcoholic beverage they have on their menu. At first, the bartender didn't notice him, because the counter wasn't really built for dwarves so it was a little taller than Hadrik, but once he realized who was making the order, he poured him his drink in a wooden mug.

"That's your strongest drink?" Hadrik shouts, after drinking all of the alcohol in a single gulp. "I swear, you people outside the dwarven lands have no idea how to enjoy yourselves! Here, let me show you what real alcohol tastes like!"

He then takes a bottle of dwarven ale out of his backpack, and he stretches his arm up, so he can put it on the counter.

"See this?" Hadrik says, to the bartender. "This is dwarven ale! I guarantee you that you've never tasted anything better. Come on, have a taste! I've got plenty more of these in my backpack."

"I'm sorry, but you're not allowed to bring your own drinks to this tavern," the bartender says, in a cold tone. "If you want to drink your dwarven ale, then you can go outside."

"Oh, yeah?" Hadrik says, as he takes his bottle back. "Well, maybe I will, then."


[6] "This house used to be inhabited by a family of mages," the drunkard tells us. "But it's empty now. Been this way for a while. I think it was one year ago... maybe two?... The mages just disappeared in the middle of the night and nobody has heard of them since. When we asked the guards what happened with the father and the three sons who used to live in this house, we were told to stop asking questions. So we stopped asking questions. Anyway, I figured that nobody would bother us here, since everyone's already stolen everything that could be stolen, and it's not like the house's owners are going to come back now, after all this time. Cheers!"

"Uh... cheers!" Hadrik says, as we all clink our bottles and then take a sip from them.

"This drink is... really strong!" the drunkard says. "I've only just started drinking, and I'm already feeling a bit drowsy."

"Heh!" Hadrik says. "I guess drinking dwarven ale right after another type of alcohol will have that effect on you, if you're not used to it. Don't worry about it. Even if you can't finish that bottle with us now, I'll still let you keep it."

"I never said I couldn't finish it!" the drunkard says, as he now takes a longer sip from his bottle. "Don't underestimate me, dwarf. I've been going to taverns since I was a wee lad. I won't lose to some 'dwarven ale', no matter how strong it is!"

"That's the spirit!" Hadrik says, as he takes a drink as well.


[7] "To hell with the guards and with the king!" the drunkard says, as he drinks again, and his face becomes a lot more red than before. "It's not like anybody's going to die just because of some harmless password. Just... make sure you don't tell anyone that you got it from me! I don't want to go to jail over something as trivial as this!"

"Of course, of course..." Hadrik says. "We'll just say that we managed to contact our client, and he gave us the password through the transceiver."

"Alright, then!" the drunkard says. "In that case, the password for this week is 'gargoyle wings'. Oh, and last week's was 'broken oars', in case they ask. This should be enough to get you through the front gates."

"Wow, that's great!" Hadrik says. "Thanks a bunch! I can't wait to see the looks on our friends' faces when we'll tell them that we managed to find out the password!"

"You can go tell them right now, I won't mind!" the drunkard says. "You don't need to worry about this old drunkard. I can find my own way home, and I'm sure that your trading partner must be waiting anxiously for you inside the city already."


[8] The goblins exchange a few looks before the old goblin speaks again.

"We've been following you because we noticed your companion over there picking up some rocks on the bank of a river," the old goblin says, as he points towards Melindra. "The problem is that a friend of ours was supposed to write the password required to enter Ollendor on one of those rocks, but we think your friend may have picked it up by mistake. We would therefore like to share some information regarding the password with you, in exchange for that rock."


[9] After we incapacitate a few more of the crossbowmen, Kate shoots her giant icicle with an incredible force, causing an explosion of air behind it and going straight through one of the golems' heads, immediately sending it falling to the ground with a loud thud. At the same time, Hadrik also finishes off another one of the golems and he is moving on to his fourth.

Unfortunately, while we were busy dealing with the few golems that were near enough to engage us immediately, about a dozen more large golems that heard the commotion have been slowly getting closer to us, and they will soon be within firing range of their beam attacks. As Hadrik grabs the attention of one of the two golems that are close enough to attack us, and the last golem who was attacking Daren's barrier begins to target Illuna and Flower instead, Daren and the others quickly rush out of the barrier towards the gates, and they call out to us as soon as they reach them.

"Over here!" Daren shouts to us. "Leave the golems and come here! Quick, before the other ones reach us!"


[10] Once the preparations are complete, Kate shoots her giant icicle with an incredible force, causing an explosion of air behind it and going straight through the head of one of the golems on my side, immediately sending it falling to the ground with a loud thud. At the same time, Hadrik also finishes off the golem he was fighting, and he is now moving on to his fourth.

Unfortunately, while we were busy dealing with the few golems that were near enough to engage us immediately, about a dozen more large golems that heard the commotion have been slowly getting closer to us, and they will soon be within firing range of their beam attacks. As Hadrik grabs the attention of one of the two golems that are close enough to attack us, and the last golem who was attacking Daren's barrier begins to target Illuna and Flower instead, Daren and the others quickly rush out of the barrier towards the gates, and they call out to us as soon as they reach them.

"Over here!" Daren shouts to us. "Leave the golems and come here! Quick, before the other ones reach us!"


[11] Once the preparations are complete, Kate shoots her giant icicle with an incredible force, causing an explosion of air behind it and going straight through the head of one of the golems on my side, immediately sending it falling to the ground with a loud thud. At the same time, Hadrik also finishes off the golem he was fighting, and he is now moving on to his fourth.

Unfortunately, while we were busy dealing with the few golems that were near enough to engage us immediately, about a dozen more large golems that heard the commotion have been slowly getting closer to us, and they will soon be within firing range of their beam attacks. As Hadrik grabs the attention of one of the two golems that are close enough to attack us, and the last golem who was attacking Daren's barrier begins to target Illuna and Flower instead, Daren and the others quickly rush out of the barrier towards the gates, and they call out to us as soon as they reach them.

"Over here!" Daren shouts to us. "Leave the golems and come here! Quick, before the other ones reach us!"


[12] Once I get close enough to the two golems, I shoot them both with my crossbow, which causes them to immediately stop attacking Daren's barrier and to focus on me instead. Seeing that they are no longer being targeted by any of the fire beams, Daren and the others quickly take advantage of this opportunity to make a rush for the city gates, while Hadrik manages to finish off yet another golem, now moving on to his fourth.

Unfortunately, it seems that while we were busy dealing with the few golems that were near enough to engage us immediately, about a dozen more large golems that heard the commotion have been slowly getting closer to us, and they will soon be within firing range of their beam attacks.

"Over here!" Daren shouts to us, as soon as he and the others reach the gates. "Leave the golems and come here! Quick, before the other ones reach us!"


[13] "Oh, this brings back so many memories!" Melindra says, as she looks at the metal ball in front of her. "I remember how Billy Bob had an obsession with these one-eyed golem heads. He wanted to make them intelligent! I believe he used to call them... droons? Yeah, I think that was the name. Anyway, so Billy Bob had this dream that he could one day fill the skies with these 'droons' of his, and that they would somehow monitor the citizens even in the absence of the city guards. Needless to say, his dream remained only a dream, and the most he managed to get out of these old relics was to get them to ask for your name. If you don't answer them, they'll keep pestering you until you tell them something. But if you give them any name whatsoever, they'll simply fly away and leave you alone. How's that for a useless invention?"

"This unit shall not repeat itself again," the flying metal ball says. "Identify yourselves, or face the consequences!"

