
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] 

"Okay, Melindra," Daren says, after we all retreat back into the forest so we can have another strategy meeting. "I think now would be a good time for you to tell us everything you know about Ollendor's defenses. We're all ears."

"Good!" Melindra says. "Although, to be honest, I don't really know a lot more than you do. I haven't spent that much time in Ollendor, and it's been quite a few years since I was exiled from this continent, so a lot of things may have changed since then."

"Oh, right, I almost forgot that this was the reason why you wanted the king of Ollendor dead," Hadrik says. "What did you do to get yourself kicked out of Varathia, anyway? Didn't you say that you were born here?"

"That is... a personal matter," Melindra says. "I'd rather not talk about it, unless it's absolutely necessary."

"Hmm..." Daren says. "I still can't help but think that there's something important you're not telling us about your reason for coming back here. You don't seem like the kind of person who would go through all this trouble just for petty revenge. There has to be another reason why you would want to kill the king of this city."

"You're right," Melindra says. "There is another reason. In short, the king of Ollendor has stolen something very important from me, and I want it back. However, this isn't something that you should concern yourselves with. All you need to do is help me kill him. I will handle the rest by myself."


[3] "But how are we supposed to sneak past those golems if they're always patrolling outside the walls?" Daren asks. "Do they have worse vision at night or something?"

"No, but there's no need for us to sneak past them!" Melindra says. "We can just enter through their front gate the normal way. We'll say that you came here to trade some of your enchanted goods, and that the rest of us are your bodyguards or something. That should be enough of a reason for the guards at the entrance to let us in. And my exile was kept a secret from anyone but the king's most trusted advisors, so we shouldn't be worried about the guards not letting us in because of me."

"I think you may be forgetting the small matter of us killing the earl of Ollendor, back in Thilias," Hadrik says. "I know that we've technically served our sentence with that arena and that we have the papers from Golmyck to prove it, but something tells me that this won't really stop the king of this city from executing us for murdering his brother."


[4] "But will they let a bunch of armed strangers enter their city so easily?"

"Why not?" Melindra says. "From their point of view, most of you shouldn't even be able to hurt the locals because of the tournament's protection spell, remember? Since they didn't find out that you killed the king's brother yet, they won't know that you can bypass the protection spell's effects. They have no reason to fear you."

"Well, I guess Melindra's plan is worth a shot," Daren says. "She's the one that knows this city the best, after all. But remember to keep your guards up. If things get out of control, we might need to fight our way in, so you should all be ready for the worst case scenario. Melindra, is there anything else we should know before we begin heading towards the city?"


[5] "What will we do if they don't buy our story?"

"Hmm..." Melindra says. "Well, it would be better if they thought Daren came here to do some trading, because merchants get preferential treatment in this city due to how rarely any of them bother to visit, but if they don't believe us, I suppose we're just going to have to enter the city the regular way. That would require a bit more paperwork, and it would take more time, but I doubt it can take THAT much longer, so I'm sure we'll be fine."

"Well, I guess Melindra's plan is worth a shot," Daren says. "She's the one that knows this city the best, after all. But remember to keep your guards up. If things get out of control, we might need to fight our way in, so you should all be ready for the worst case scenario. Melindra, is there anything else we should know before we begin heading towards the city?"


[6] "Good morning!" Daren says in a loud tone, to make sure that the man in front of the gate could hear him. "Are you the one that I need to talk to in order to gain access inside the city?"

The guard doesn't answer him right away. He was sitting on a chair when we arrived, measuring us up and down with a rather unimpressed look on his face, and while Daren was talking, it looked as if the gate keeper was only paying attention to about half of what he was saying.

Daren waits patiently for the guard to slowly get up from his chair and to walk towards him, while two metal golems that were standing in front of the gate seemed to be studying us attentively.

"What business do you have here?" the guard asks, as he stops in front of Daren, eying him suspiciously.

"I've come to sell some goods," Daren says. "I'm not sure if you know who I am, but I am a very famous enchanter outside Varathia. Daren, the healer in armor is what they call me."

"Never heard of you," the guard says, in an uninterested tone.


[7] "Uh, the guy we were supposed to meet didn't tell us about any passwords."

"I doubt it," the guard says. "Everyone in this city knows that you need a password to enter. If he really didn't give you a password, then it must mean that he didn't have any urgent need of the goods you are selling him, and he was fine with you filing for the required paperwork, like any other outsider."


[8] "The password is 'shut your mouth and open the gate' "

"It looks like your companion has quite the refined sense of humor," the guard tells Daren, after throwing me a short glance. "I heard that those two big golems behind me have a pretty good sense of humor too. Maybe your friend would like me to introduce him to them? I'm sure they would get along."

"Please ignore my bodyguard," Daren says. "He sometimes doesn't know when to keep his mouth shut. I assure you that he does not speak for me in any way. Unfortunately, I do not know the password that you ask of me."

"If you don't know the password, then you will need to file for the required paperwork, like any other outsider," the guard says.


[9] "We forgot the password."

"In that case, how about you call this 'anonymous person' through a transceiver and ask them for the password again?" the guard says.

"We... tried to contact him shortly before we got here, but we couldn't reach him," Daren says.

"Well, if you don't have the password, then you're going to have to file for the required paperwork, like any other outsider," the guard says.


[10] "The password is 'a drunk orangutan wearing a party hat'. "

"A drunk orangutan wearing a party hat?..." the guard says. "What are you, stupid? We haven't used that password in more than a year! You didn't seriously think we'd let you in by giving me that old password, did you?"

"Uh... no, of course not," I tell him, slightly taken aback by the fact that such a ridiculous sounding password could have ever been used by anyone in a serious manner.

"If you don't know the password, then you're going to have to file for the required paperwork, like any other outsider," the guard says.


[11] "The password is 'griffin beak'. "

"No it isn't," the guard says. "I'm not sure if you were guessing randomly just now or if somebody actually misled you, but if you want to enter the city without knowing the actual password, then you're going to have to file for the required paperwork, like any other outsider."


[12] "What if we tried to get one of them drunk, instead?"

"Hey, now that's an idea I can get behind!" Hadrik says. "I'm willing to bet that these people have never had the opportunity to try dwarven ale in their lifetimes, so we should easily find someone willing to drink with us, if I bring one of my bottles with me."

"Remember that we need to be careful," Daren says. "We can't just go around luring people to deserted alleys to drink with us, because it would look too suspicious. And if we just ask someone in public for the password, someone will surely overhear our conversation and report us to the guards."

"Don't worry about it," Hadrik says. "I know exactly how we can get someone to drink with us in private. But we can't go as a group, because we'd look too intimidating, especially with Daren walking alongside us. I'd say me and Barry should be enough to get the job done. What do you say, Barry? Are you ready to go hit up the local tavern?"

"Sure, I'm game," I say. "Lead the way."

"Perfect!" Hadrik says. "Let's get going. The rest of you should stay here, until we're done. We'll contact you through the transceivers as soon as we'll know the password."

"Don't forget to call us if anything unexpected happens!" Daren says. "We won't be able to tell if you're in trouble from all the way over here."

"Yeah, yeah, we'll call you if anything comes up," Hadrik says. "I'm sure we'll be fine, though."


[13] He then takes a drink from his bottle, and he turns towards the other people in the tavern.

"And anyone else who's tired of listening to this stuck up arsehole and his stupid rules can come join me too," Hadrik says. "Drinks are on me!"

We then both walk out of the tavern and stop right in front of it, as Hadrik takes another drink from his bottle.

"You think anybody will come?" I ask Hadrik.

"Trust me, I've done this in many places before, and it's never failed me so far," Hadrik says, as he takes a bottle of dwarven ale out of his backpack and hands it to me. "The countries might be different, but the taverns are always the same. We will most certainly be seeing at least one guy coming out to look for us in the next few seconds."

Just as soon as Hadrik stops talking, a middle-aged man that looks like a real heavy drinker walks out of the tavern, and he looks all around, to see if we've already left or not. Once the drunkard spots us, he immediately heads in our direction, and as he comes closer to us, the strong smell of alcohol from his breath is becoming increasingly harder to ignore.

"There we go!" Hadrik tells me, with a grin.

"So, uh..." the drunkard says, as he stops in front of us. "I heard you were willing to share that dwarven ale? Can I have a taste, or...?"


[14] "So..." I say, as I pretend to take a long drink from my bottle, even though I'm only taking small sips, in order to remain sober. "What do you suppose happened with the old owners of this house? Do you think they got arrested or something? How often do people in this village disappear out of the blue, anyway?"

"In the village, it doesn't happen all that often, but I'm not so sure about the city," the drunkard says. "I've been hearing lots of stories about people in there disappearing out of the blue, especially in the most recent years, and nobody knows what's happening. These are dark times we're living in, I'll tell you that. I don't know what you came here to accomplish, but I recommend you finish your business quickly and get out while you can. There's nothing good waiting for you in this place."

"Sadly, we might not even make it past the city gates, judging by how things have been going so far," Hadrik says.

"How so?" the drunkard asks, as he takes another drink from his bottle.

"Well, there was this guy who invited us here so we could trade with him," Hadrik says, "but he forgot to tell us that we needed a password to enter the city, and now we can't contact him anymore for some reason. We're just stuck waiting in front of the city, after we spent all that time to get here. That guard at the entrance said he'd commence some sort of procedure so we could receive permission to enter the city, but I don't trust a word of what he says. I bet he didn't even tell anyone that we're here, and he's just waiting for us to go away. What a waste of time this whole trip turned out to be..."


[15] "That's a good idea! Let's go, Hadrik!"

"Uh... okay," Hadrik says, as we both get up from the floor. "I suppose I could finish my drink on the road, then."

"Goodbye, friends!" the drunkard says. "I wish you all the best!"

As we leave the abandoned building, we wave goodbye to our drunk friend, and then we take the main road back towards where Daren and the others were waiting in the woods.

"You know... we could have at least waited for the guy to be done with his drink..." Hadrik tells me, as we walk.

"And risk giving ourselves away?" I tell him. "No, thanks. The more we talked to him, the more likely it would have been for him to start asking us uncomfortable questions."

"If you say so," Hadrik says. "Anyway, I'm calling Daren. We should get ready to head for the city gates."

Hadrik then pulls out his transceiver and he uses the dial on the right side of it, in order to switch it to Daren's frequency before he calls out to him.

"Hey, Daren, you listening?" Hadrik says.


[16] "We can still wait for you to finish your drink. We're not in THAT much of a hurry."

"Yeah, I'm sure our friends won't mind if we keep them waiting for a few more minutes," Hadrik says. "Take your time and enjoy the drink."

"Well, in that case, bottoms up!" the drunkard says, and then we clink the bottles again.

Once we're finally done with the drinks and we decide to leave, we see that the drunkard can barely walk anymore, so Hadrik and I hurry to support him as we exit the building. Not long after we get out, the drunkard suddenly remembers something important and he struggles to articulate his words, while keeping his voice low.

"I... almost forgot..." the drunkard tells us. "The password isn't enough... You also need to... wink three times with your left eye while you say it. New set of rules.... in order to prevent eavesdropping."

"Oooh!" Hadrik says, also in a low voice. "Good thing you remembered, then! We might have had a bit of trouble if you didn't."

"Yeah, my bad..." the drunkard says. "They keep changing these rules every so often, and I just can't keep up with them anymore... My house is over there. You can leave me in front of the yard. I'll crawl my way to the front door by myself."

"Alright, then," Hadrik says, as the drunkard continues to lean on the two of us while he walks.


[17] "To be honest, I agree with Hadrik," I say. "We should just smash through their front gates. Like he said, at least this way we'd have the element of surprise. If we go back and tell the guard the password after we didn't know it the first time, we're just going to make ourselves look even more suspicious. I wouldn't put it past that guy to let us in only to lure us into a trap." 

"Yeah, exactly!" Hadrik says. "That's what I was thinking! See? Barry gets it!"

"Are you guys forgetting about those giant fire-breathing golems that are patrolling in front of the city walls?..." Daren says.

"Come on..." Hadrik says. "They're just metal golems. How tough can they be? No matter how durable their metal hide is, with my strength I could still send them flying with one punch, and those fire beams they were shooting out of their mouths were clearly made of magical fire, so Daren would be able to both defend us from them with his shield and absorb the flames with his sword. And while we'd be hiding inside Daren's magical barrier, the two of us could send their flames right back at them, while Kate, Flower and Illuna would shoot their own elemental magic towards them."


[18] "Just so you guys know..." Melindra says. "I won't be using any of my powers to attack the golems. The risk of accidentally hitting you or one of the city guards with my spells is too great. I might cast the flying spell on Barry again, but no more than that."

"It's fine!" Hadrik says. "I will be the one focusing the most on the golems, anyway. After all, I won't be able to attack any of the locals, so it's the least I can do to make myself useful. The rest of you should concentrate on making it safely inside the city, while I have the golems' undivided attention."

"Great!" I say. "In that case, the ones of us who can attack the locals will deal with the city guards. If I'll have that flying spell from Melindra, I might even try to rid us of some of the guards stationed on the walls, so we won't need to worry about defending ourselves from too many directions."

"You people are just going to drag me into this plan of yours no matter what I say, aren't you?" Daren says, in a defeated tone of voice.

"Hah!" Arraka says. "Now you know what it feels like to have your opinions ignored over and over again. Remember when I suggested yesterday that we should have Flower send fireballs over their walls, so we could burn their houses down and smoke them out like the rats they are, but nobody paid any attention to me? If you would have backed me up then, you might have had my vote of confidence now, but it's too late for that. You already blew your chance!"


[19] 

"I could try to eavesdrop on someone from afar," I say. "There's bound to be some villager who needs to get into the city eventually."

"That's actually a really good idea!" Daren says. "But how far would you need to be to hear the words properly? Can you hear the guard at the gates talking from all the way over here? Because we can't just have you wandering around aimlessly through the village until someone happens to want to enter the city. You would look too suspicious."

"It's alright," I say. "I won't need to enter the village, because I can hear what most of the villagers are talking from inside the forest. I usually ignore voices that are in the background because it's too difficult to focus on what each individual person is saying, but if I concentrate really hard I should be able to tell if someone is planning to head for the city gates, and then I'll be able to get a little closer."

"Well, don't strain yourself too much," Daren says. "We wouldn't want you to tire yourself out before we even begin infiltrating the city."

"Yeah, I know," I say. "I won't go overboard. Be right back. I'll try to get as close as I can to the edge of the woods, so I'll be able to hear as many of the villagers' conversations as possible."


[20] After listening to hundreds of conversations for about ten minutes, I finally luck out and hear that one of the villagers is planning to head into the city, in order to go shopping for supplies. I immediately walk out of the woods and begin to follow the road towards the city gates at a slow pace, while trying to identify the man whose voice I heard earlier. It doesn't take me that long to figure out who it was, because not far from me, I can already see a guy pulling a small wooden cart behind him who is heading in the direction of the city. I pretend to look around for a signpost while I give the man with the cart enough time to distance himself from me, and then I begin to slowly walk in the direction of the city as well, to make sure that I don't let the man walk out of my hearing range.


[21] "You there... humans!" the voice says in the Common language, but with a broken accent. "Don't go inside the city just yet. We have some important information that you might need. Information regarding the password required to go past the gates. If you're interested, then come back inside the forest, and we can talk."

As I try to figure out who is speaking to us, I realize that I can sense some very weak and heavily suppressed auras coming from behind the trees, although I would have had no chance to notice that they were there without knowing in advance where to look for them. Judging by their sizes and by the sound of that broken accent from earlier, my assumption is that we are dealing with a group of goblins.

"Arraka..." Illuna says. "Why didn't you notify us that we were being followed by goblins?"

"What kind of question is that?" Arraka says. "Do you also want me to tell you about the squirrels in the trees and the birds in the sky? You asked me to tell you about enemies that might try to surround you, and that's what I've been doing. These goblins are obviously harmless. They're barely armed, and you can see for yourself how weak their auras are. If I stopped to tell you about every single animal or monster in your vicinity, we'd never get anywhere."


[22] "Forget the goblins," I say. "There's no use in dealing with them at this point. If they were to leak information to Tyrath, they would have already done so by now, and it's not like they can follow us into the city. We're just wasting time talking about them. I say we stick with our initial plan and head for the gates."

"Yeah, I think that would be for the best," Hadrik says.

"Well, if everyone else also agrees, then let's get moving," Daren says. "Hopefully, Tyrath's troops won't be so brazen as to attack us while we're inside Ollendor."

Having said that, Daren begins to walk towards the city once more, as we all move to follow him. The goblin from earlier tries calling out to us one last time before we walk out of his hearing range, but we ignore him and go on our way.

It takes us a while, but once we're done traversing the village again, we eventually reach the gates for a second time. The guard at the gates is now staring at us with the same suspicious look that he had the first time, and he addresses us as soon as we stop in front of him.

"I see you're back," the guard says. "Should I take it that you've finally managed to get that 'client' of yours to give you the password?..."


[23] "I say we kill them, just to be safe," I tell the others, also in a low voice. "With a little luck, maybe they haven't told Tyrath anything yet, and we can delay the next monster ambush for a while longer."

"Yeah, that's what I was thinking," Daren says. "But we should be careful. For all we know, they could be luring us into a trap."

"Ugh..." Hadrik says. "Let's just get this over with, shall we? I'm not really a fan of killing weak, defenseless enemies."

"We'll be right over," I shout to the goblins. "Stay where you are."

Daren, Hadrik and I walk slowly towards the goblins until we get close enough to them, and then Daren and I pull out our weapons. We catch two of the goblins by surprise, killing them before they have the time to react, but the third goblin panics and starts running away from us. As Hadrik goes to chase him, an icicle flies between the trees and straight into the monster's head, causing him to drop dead on the spot.

"Hey, nice aim!" Hadrik tells Kate, as Melindra is now coming closer, to get a better look at the dead bodies of the goblins.

"I'm sorry to break it to you guys, but these goblins don't look like they could realistically have been part of Tyrath's army," Melindra says, after looking at the corpses for a few seconds. "Their equipment is far too basic, even for scouts."

"Then what reason could they have had to follow us for so long, if they weren't working for Tyrath?" Daren says.


[24] "I think we should go talk to them and see what they want," I say, also in a low voice. "Just because they're goblins, it doesn't necessarily mean that they're part of Tyrath's army."

"And what if they are?" Daren says.

"Then we'll just have to deal with them accordingly, I guess," I say. "Still, I don't see any reason why some scouts would be calling out to us, instead of just keeping their distance, and I doubt they'd want to fight us since they're far too weak to have any hope of winning against our group. It's not like they would have had any time to set up traps either, since we only just came from that forest. I'm just saying it wouldn't hurt to go see what they want. They did say they knew something about the password, after all..."

"Fine..." Daren says. "I suppose we'll be seeing if they're hostile or not soon enough. But make sure you keep your guard up. We don't know what tricks they may have up their sleeves."

"Yeah, yeah..." I say, as we all begin heading back towards the forest.

"We're coming!" I tell the goblins. "Stay right where you are!"

As soon as we get back inside the forest, we see that the three goblins who called out to us are all wearing very cheap looking leather armor and that the weapons they are using seem to be in very poor condition. The older one of the three goblins is now stepping to the front, in order to introduce himself.


[25] "None of the rocks that I picked up had anything written on them, in either the Common language or the goblin language," Melindra says. "I can't understand the goblin language, but I'm pretty sure I could recognize what the writing looks like, and I saw nothing of the sort on any of the stones I picked up."

"Could you perhaps give us your rocks so we could have a look at them as well?" the old goblin says. "If we look at them more closely, it's possible that we'll find something you missed."

"Try to touch any of my rocks, and I will use a wind blade to cut you right in half," Melindra says, with a polite smile.

"I see..." the old goblin says, trying to remain calm. "Well, perhaps you could hold them yourself, and just show them to us one by one, then?"

"No, I'm not going to do that," Melindra says, still smiling.

"That is unfortunate," the old goblin says. "In that case, I'm afraid that a trade is no longer possible. We're sorry for wasting your time. We will, of course, be waiting here for you, in case you change your minds."

"That's it?" Daren asks. "You're not going to try and steal the rock from us?"

"Dear gods, of course not!" the old goblin says. "We're not savages!"


[26] "None of the rocks that I picked up had anything written on them, in either the Common language or the goblin language," Melindra says. "I can't understand the goblin language, but I'm pretty sure I could recognize what the writing looks like, and I saw nothing of the sort on any of the stones I picked up."

"Could you perhaps give us your rocks so we could have a look at them as well?" the old goblin says. "If we look at them more closely, it's possible that we'll find something you missed."

"Try to touch any of my rocks, and I will use a wind blade to cut you right in half," Melindra says, with a polite smile.

"I see..." the old goblin says, trying to remain calm. "Well, perhaps you could hold them yourself, and just show them to us one by one, then?"

"No, I'm not going to do that," Melindra says, still smiling.

"Hold on a minute there, Melindra," I say. "I know for certain that I saw some words written in the goblin language on one of your rocks. It was on one of the rocks that you were showing to Flower, shortly before we reached the city."

"Oh?" Melindra says, with a puzzled expression on her face. "Which one?"


[27] "What do you mean 'gargoyle wings'?..." I ask him, confused. "Doesn't that writing say 'griffin beak'?"

"Ah... I see you can read our old dialect!" the old goblin says, surprised. "Quite impressive! As for your question, the symbols describing the password can indeed be directly translated as 'griffin beak', but we have a code with our friend that we always use when we transmit messages to each other. If we rearrange those symbols according to our secret code, the meaning of the words changes completely, and it reads as 'gargoyle wings' instead. Do you understand now?"

"Yeah, I guess that makes sense," I say. "So, was this the information that you wanted to give us in exchange for the rock?"

"No, actually the information in question was about the fact that the password is not the only thing required, if you want to enter the city," the old goblin says. "You also need to wink three times with your left eye while saying it, or they won't let you in. This was added a while ago as an extra precaution, in order to prevent eavesdropping. The passwords change every week, but the number of winks do not change, as far as I'm aware."


[28] "It's fine, we're not in a hurry. You can go first instead."

"Very well," the old goblin says. "In that case, we will be off. Take care!"

"Good thinking, Barry!" Hadrik says, once the goblins are too far away to hear us anymore. "If they're the ones to go first, we won't have to look like idiots in case the password is wrong."

"Well, there's that," I say, "but more importantly, there's also the fact that they can probably afford to get the password wrong once, since this is only their first time trying to pass through the gates. On the other hand, if we were to get the password wrong a second time, we would likely not be let inside their city ever again."

"We will find out if the password is fake or not soon enough," Daren says. "The goblins don't have long to go until they reach the gates."

We wait for a while longer until we see the goblins reach the entrance of the city, far in the distance. After a short discussion with the guard at the entrance, the gates are opening, and the three goblins get inside the city without any trouble.


[29] "Sounds good. Let's go!"

"Take care!" the old goblin says, as we make our way back towards the main road.

It takes us a while, but once we're done traversing the village again, we eventually reach the gates for a second time. The guard at the gates is now staring at us with the same suspicious look that he had the first time, and he addresses us as soon as we stop in front of him.

"I see you're back," the guard says. "Should I take it that you've finally managed to get that 'client' of yours to give you the password?..."


[30] "Sounds good. Let's go!"

"Take care!" the old goblin says, as we make our way back towards the main road.

"Just making sure we're all on the same page here," Hadrik says, once we're out of the goblins' hearing range, "but if that password from the goblins turns out to be fake, we're going back to our plan of smashing through their gates, right?"

"Of course," I say.

"Alright, then," Hadrik says.

It takes us a while, but once we're done traversing the village again, we eventually reach the gates for a second time. The guard at the gates is now staring at us with the same suspicious look that he had the first time, and he addresses us as soon as we stop in front of him.

"I see you're back," the guard says. "Should I take it that you've finally managed to get that 'client' of yours to give you the password?..."


[31] "What now, then?" Kate asks us, after we get a little further into the city. "Are we going to do a bit of reconnaissance, or should we head directly for the palace?"

"I'm sure we'll have plenty of opportunities to study their defenses on our way to the castle," Daren says. "Given that we don't really know when the ambassador will be back, I don't think we should be wasting any time exploring the city. Melindra, do you know in which general direction the palace should be?"

"Yes," Melindra says. "If the layout of the city is still the same as it was before they banished me, the shortest route would be to go through the Perrelion plaza. Follow me."

Melindra takes the lead and we all go to follow her, while both the citizens on the ground and those flying in the metal vehicles above calmly go about their daily lives, not paying much attention to us.

"Leila, do you have any means of communicating with your father?" Daren says. "Can you let him know we're here?"


[32] "Yeah, we reached him through the transceiver eventually, and he told us the password," I say, as I wink three times with my left eye. "It's 'gargoyle wings'. "

"Hmm..." the guard says. "That is indeed the correct password."

He then gives a signal to the two metal golems behind him, who immediately open the large gates for us.

"I'm not sure what you came here to do exactly, but you'd better not cause any trouble," the guard tells us.

"No, sir!" I say. "We won't be bothering you at all!"

"Go on," the guard says. "Get moving."

We all move past the guard and enter the city, and as soon as we're inside, the gates behind us slam shut.

"What now, then?" Kate asks us, after we get a little further into the city. "Are we going to do a bit of reconnaissance, or should we head directly for the palace?"

"I'm sure we'll have plenty of opportunities to study their defenses on our way to the castle," Daren says. "Given that we don't really know when the ambassador will be back, I don't think we should be wasting any time exploring the city. Melindra, do you know in which general direction the palace should be?"


[33] "Yeah, we reached him through the transceiver eventually, and he told us the password," I say. "It's 'gargoyle wings'. "

"You're saying that the password is 'gargoyle wings'?" the guard says. "You sure about that?"

"Uh, yes..." I say. "Yes, of course!"

"Alright, then," the guard says. "You're all under arrest. We're going to keep you in a cell until this mystery client of yours shows up to confirm that he invited you here. If he doesn't show up in a few weeks, then you're going to get executed for attempting to illegally infiltrate the city."

"What?!" I say. "But we gave you the password!"

"That's not the full password," the guard says. "You also needed to wink several times while saying the words. It's a measure that we've taken against people trying to eavesdrop. I don't know if you ever actually had a client or not, but breaking our laws is not something that should be taken lightly. Now follow me. I hope you won't be stupid enough to resist arrest in this situation."

As soon as the guard turns around to lead us into the city, Hadrik looks at Daren, who gives him a curt nod.

"Hey, wait a second!" Daren says, as he puts his hand on the guard's shoulder. "I think there's still something that you might not have considered."


[34] "Not exactly," I say, as Hadrik runs right past the guard and towards one of the two big golems that were stationed about a dozen feet in front of the gates.

As soon as he gets close enough, Hadrik jumps high up into the air and with one strong punch to the face, he knocks one of the golems off its feet and sends it flying into the large gates behind it. The doors could not withstand the impact of the crash and they got blown out of their hinges, but now the large golem that fell on top of them is struggling to get back up. Hadrik gives the golem no time to recover and he quickly jumps on its big head, battering it with a quick flurry of punches, until the giant metal construct stops moving completely.

"Have you gone completely insane?!" the guard shouts at us, but before he gets to say anything else, Daren bashes him in the head with his shield, knocking him unconscious.

"Everyone, get inside my barrier, now!" Daren says.

He then raises his shield, and a semi-transparent magical barrier appears all around us. Several of the golems that were further away from us have already noticed that something is wrong, and they are all preparing to shoot beams of fire out of their mouths towards us, in unison.

"Brace yourselves," Daren says. "It's going to get hot."


[35] Four beams of fire hit Daren's barrier at once, generating an explosion of hot air that can be somewhat felt even by the ones of us who are inside. It doesn't look like the golems can move while they're firing their beams at us, so at least they won't be able to get any closer to us unless they cancel their attacks. Meanwhile, Hadrik has begun to assault the second golem by the gates, but he is having a little more trouble with it than with the first one. The golem seems strong enough to push Hadrik back, and since he can't risk getting hit by any of the beams, the dwarf is being forced to fight in a somewhat more evasive style than usually.

"Kate, could you take one or two of the golems out?" Daren says, as the air inside the barrier is slowly getting hotter. "I can't move the barrier while it's being assaulted by so many beams at once."

"Unfortunately, I'm already too busy with defending us from the rain of arrows coming from above," Kate says.

As we look upwards, we see that Kate is controlling several flying platforms of ice that are constantly moving to intercept the crossbow bolts and arrows coming from the guards stationed on top of the walls.


[36] 

"I'll go help Illuna," I say. "The sooner we deal with the crossbowmen, the better."

I take the crossbow out of my backpack, I raise my arms in the air in order to tell the air currents that I want to go up, and then I begin heading above the walls, so I can get a good view of my enemies. One of the golems notices me flying out of Daren's barrier and he quickly switches his targets, now shooting his fire beam straight at me. I dodge the beam, but several of the crossbowmen on the walls have now also noticed me and they are currently shooting dozens of bolts in my direction.

As I struggle to evade the beam and the arrows in mid-air by flying as unpredictably as possible, Illuna fires a torrent of water out of her hands, flooding some of the crossbowmen that were shooting at me and her.

However, what I didn't realize was that a second golem from behind me was also readying his fire beam at the time, and I never even got to see the attack coming, before I was turned into ashes.


[37] 

"I'll go help Illuna," I say. "The sooner we deal with the crossbowmen, the better."

I take the crossbow out of my backpack, I raise my arms in the air in order to tell the air currents that I want to go up, and then I begin heading above the walls, so I can get a good view of my enemies. One of the golems notices me flying out of Daren's barrier and he quickly switches his targets, now shooting his fire beam straight at me. I dodge the beam, but several of the crossbowmen on the walls have now also noticed me and they are currently shooting dozens of bolts in my direction.

As I struggle to evade the beam and the arrows in mid-air by flying as unpredictably as possible, Illuna fires a torrent of water out of her hands, flooding some of the crossbowmen that were shooting at me and her.

However, it seems that the golem in front of me and the crossbowmen are not my only problems. With the tail of my eye, I somehow manage to see another golem readying his fire beam from behind me, which gives me just enough time to fly out of its way and to avoid death by a mere few inches.


[38] 

"I'll go distract some of the golems," I say. "You guys try to get closer to the city entrance in the meantime. I'll join you when you're at the gates."

I take the crossbow out of my backpack, I raise my arms in the air in order to tell the air currents that I want to go up, and then I begin heading towards the area where there are more golems close to each other, so I can distract as many of them as possible. While flying, I make sure to stay as far away from the walls as I can, because the last thing I would want is to also be focused by the crossbowmen while I'm dealing with the golems. I'll let Illuna handle the guards on the wall. I have enough enemies to worry about as it is.

Once I get close enough to the golems, I shoot a few crossbow bolts at them, in order to grab their attention. As I suspected, the bolts do no damage to them whatsoever, but at least it looks like I've succeeded in my primary purpose of providing a good distraction. All three of the golems close to me have already stopped targeting Daren's barrier and they are turning their heads towards me, preparing to charge up their fire beams. As soon as they start shooting at me, I begin flying around erratically, trying to make it as difficult as possible for them to predict my moves.

Dodging three beams of fire constantly proved to be a little more than I could handle, however, and it only took one minor slip-up on my part to make me miss my timing and get incinerated in an instant.


[39] 

"I'll go distract some of the golems," I say. "You guys try to get closer to the city entrance in the meantime. I'll join you when you're at the gates."

I take the crossbow out of my backpack, I raise my arms in the air in order to tell the air currents that I want to go up, and then I begin heading towards the area where there are more golems close to each other, so I can distract as many of them as possible. While flying, I make sure to stay as far away from the walls as I can, because the last thing I would want is to also be focused by the crossbowmen while I'm dealing with the golems. I'll let Illuna handle the guards on the wall. I have enough enemies to worry about as it is.

Once I get close enough to the golems, I shoot a few crossbow bolts at them, in order to grab their attention. As I suspected, the bolts do no damage to them whatsoever, but at least it looks like I've succeeded in my primary purpose of providing a good distraction. All three of the golems close to me have already stopped targeting Daren's barrier and they are turning their heads towards me, preparing to charge up their fire beams. As soon as they start shooting at me, I begin flying around erratically, trying to make it as difficult as possible for them to predict my moves.


[40] 

"I'll go distract some of the golems," I say. "You guys try to get closer to the city entrance in the meantime. I'll join you when you're at the gates."

I take the crossbow out of my backpack, I dash out of Daren's barrier, and then I begin heading towards the area where there are more golems close to each other, so I can distract as many of them as possible. While running, I make sure to stay as far away from the walls as I can, because the last thing I would want is to also be focused by the crossbowmen while I'm dealing with the golems. I'll let Illuna handle the guards on the wall. I have enough enemies to worry about as it is.

Once I get close enough to the golems, I shoot a few crossbow bolts at them, in order to grab their attention. As I suspected, the bolts do no damage to them whatsoever, but at least it looks like I've succeeded in my primary purpose of providing a good distraction. All three of the golems close to me have already stopped targeting Daren's barrier and they are turning their heads towards me, preparing to charge up their fire beams. As soon as they start shooting at me, I begin running around erratically, trying to make it as difficult as possible for them to predict my moves.

Sadly, I wasn't fast enough to be able to avoid three fire beams targeting me at the same time, and I was very soon overwhelmed by my enemies and incinerated on the spot.


[41] 

"I'll go distract some of the golems," I say. "You guys try to get closer to the city entrance in the meantime. I'll join you when you're at the gates."

I take the crossbow out of my backpack, I dash out of Daren's barrier, and then I begin heading towards the area where there are more golems close to each other, so I can distract as many of them as possible. While running, I make sure to stay as far away from the walls as I can, because the last thing I would want is to also be focused by the crossbowmen while I'm dealing with the golems. I'll let Illuna handle the guards on the wall. I have enough enemies to worry about as it is.

Once I get close enough to the golems, I shoot a few crossbow bolts at them, in order to grab their attention. As I suspected, the bolts do no damage to them whatsoever, but at least it looks like I've succeeded in my primary purpose of providing a good distraction. All three of the golems close to me have already stopped targeting Daren's barrier and they are turning their heads towards me, preparing to charge up their fire beams. As soon as they start shooting at me, I begin running around erratically, trying to make it as difficult as possible for them to predict my moves.


[42] 

"I'll try to deal with one of the golems," I say. "The quicker we take them out, the better."

"Wait, you're planning to attack one of them on your own?..." Daren says. "I really hope you're not being serious right n--"

I don't let Daren finish his sentence, and I raise my arms in the air, in order to tell the air currents that I want to go up into the sky. I then fly out of the barrier, trying to go as high up as possible, so that I don't make myself into a target for either the golems or the guards on the wall. I take a good long look at the battlefield, and I decide that my best bet is to attack the golem that is currently the most isolated out of the four who are attacking Daren's barrier.

I dive down from the sky as fast as I can, putting both my fists in front of me, in order to tell my currents to keep accelerating. Then, when I arrive close enough to the golem I was targeting, I put all of my strength behind my punch, and I hit my enemy directly in the face, before it gets the chance to react.

Sadly for me, hitting the hard metal surface of the golem with my frail arm had about as much effect on it as if I were to hit it with a small twig. Trying to ignore the pain from my fist, I immediately fly backwards in an attempt to retreat, but the golem quickly turns its beam of fire upon me, and I am much too close to it to be able to avoid it in any way. It only takes a second for the beam to completely incinerate me and to turn me into ashes.


[43] 



"I'll try to deal with one of the golems," I say. "The quicker we take them out, the better."

"Wait, you're planning to attack one of them on your own?..." Daren says. "I really hope you're not being serious right n--"

I don't let Daren finish his sentence, and I raise my arms in the air, in order to tell the air currents that I want to go up into the sky. I then fly out of the barrier, trying to go as high up as possible, so that I don't make myself into a target for either the golems or the guards on the wall. I take a good long look at the battlefield, and I decide that my best bet is to attack the golem that is currently the most isolated out of the four who are attacking Daren's barrier.

I dive down from the sky as fast as I can, putting both my fists in front of me, in order to tell my currents to keep accelerating. Then, when I arrive close enough to the golem I was targeting, I put all of my strength behind my punch, and I hit my enemy directly in the face, before it gets the chance to react.

Sadly for me, my strength is not enough to make the golem budge, and I am forced to fly backwards right after the punch, in an attempt to retreat. The golem, however, immediately turns its beam of fire upon me, and I am much too close to it to be able to avoid it in any way. It only takes a second for the beam to completely incinerate me and to turn me into ashes.


[44] 



"I'll try to deal with one of the golems," I say. "The quicker we take them out, the better."

"Wait, you're planning to attack one of them on your own?..." Daren says. "I really hope you're not being serious right n--"

I don't let Daren finish his sentence, and I raise my arms in the air, in order to tell the air currents that I want to go up into the sky. I then fly out of the barrier, trying to go as high up as possible, so that I don't make myself into a target for either the golems or the guards on the wall. I take a good long look at the battlefield, and I decide that my best bet is to attack the golem that is currently the most isolated out of the four who are attacking Daren's barrier.

I dive down from the sky as fast as I can, putting both my fists in front of me, in order to tell my currents to keep accelerating. Then, when I arrive close enough to the golem I was targeting, I put all of my strength behind my punch, and I hit my enemy directly in the face, before it gets the chance to react.


[45] Illuna, Hadrik and I do exactly as Daren says, and we head towards the gates as quickly as we can. Almost immediately after we go past the large broken doors, the two remaining golems close to us shoot their beams at the same time, while Daren readies his shield and makes another barrier. The two beams of fire meet each other and create another big explosion, sending some rubble flying our way, which is quickly taken care of by Hadrik with a few punches.

As we head further into the city, the golems seem to have abandoned pursuit, likely so that they don't risk causing too much collateral damage to the townspeople with their devastating attacks.

"What now, then?" Kate asks us, as we move past several groups of frightened citizens, who apparently came near the gates to see what the commotion was about. "Do we look for a place to hide, or do we keep going forward?"

"Considering that we've already gotten this far, it's probably a better idea to head directly for the palace," Daren says. "The longer we wait, the more time we give them to organize themselves. Melindra, do you know in which general direction the palace should be?"

"Yes," Melindra says. "If the layout of the city is still the same as it was before they banished me, the shortest route would be to go through the Perrelion plaza. Follow me."


[46] "Were the buildings in this city always so weird?" I ask Melindra. "I'm honestly surprised that some of these structures haven't collapsed, yet."

"There were houses like this in the city before I was kicked out, but not as many as there are now," Melindra says. "They must have demolished some of the older houses in order to build the new ones on top of them. It's probably the work of Billy Bob, the rogue lessathi that I was telling you about earlier. He kind of fancies himself a genius in every domain, including architecture, and the king has been giving him a lot of liberties, as a reward for his invaluable contributions towards this city's sudden and abrupt technological advancement. As a result, old Billy Bob has taken the opportunity of experimenting with all kinds of wild and innovative designs for buildings, some of which are a little more questionable than others."

"Excuse me, but did you just say this lessathi's name is Billy Bob?..." Daren says.

"Oh, that's not his real name," Melindra says. "That's just what we used to call him because his name was nearly unpronounceable. His full name is Biliborrathrathsarran, and since the first few syllables kind of sound like Billy Bob, that's the nickname he ended up with."

"I guess his parents really went all out when they named him, huh?" Hadrik says.


[47] "It's fine, we're not in a hurry. You can go first instead."

"Very well," the old goblin says. "In that case, we will be off. Take care!"

"Good thinking, Barry!" Hadrik says, once the goblins are too far away to hear us anymore. "If they're the ones to go first, we won't have to look like idiots in case the password is wrong."

"I doubt the password itself is wrong, because I already overheard someone using it to enter the city," I say. "I just want to see if their information about the winking was correct or not. It never hurts to be extra safe."   

"We will find that out soon enough," Daren says. "The goblins don't have long to go until they reach the gates."

We wait for a while longer until we see the goblins reach the entrance of the city, far in the distance. After a short discussion with the guard at the entrance, the gates are opening, and the three goblins get inside the city without any trouble.

