
[1] 

[2] "Yes, well," Daren says, while still not taking his eyes off the transceiver that he's working on, "over the years, I've developed a habit of not mentioning her in casual conversation, so that I can keep her identity a secret in order to protect her. If any of my enemies were to find out about her existence, they might try to harm her to get back at me, and I couldn't take that risk. If you were to look me up in news articles or history books, you would also find it mentioned that I'm not married, because of all the false information that I've spread along the years. Right now, the only people aside from you who know about my wife's existence are the locals from the remote village in the Southern Continent where Sophie and I spent our childhood together, but they're all good people, so they've agreed to keep our relationship hidden from the outside world."

"And how is your wife, Sophie, handling all of this secrecy?" Hadrik says, with a slight grin. "Isn't she upset that she can't brag about being the wife of the famous healer in armor?"

"No, she isn't really the type to brag about such things," Daren says. "And besides, this current arrangement was her idea, not mine. My idea was... a little more extreme than that."

"What do you mean?" Hadrik says.


[3] As Arraka is casting her spell, I don't even get the time to wonder what she meant, because an intense feeling of dread overwhelms me immediately. It is the exact same feeling that I got during the first trial of the God of Time's ritual, and also fifteen years ago, when my sister first turned into a banshee. Come to think of it, I also remember getting a similar feeling, although not quite the same, when Arraka possessed Flower's body after breaking out of her amulet. Could this mean that she is now casting the spell that constitutes the basis of a banshee's awakening?

"It looks like you do recognize this spell," Arraka says, likely after seeing my reaction from the flow of my aura. "That's good. It means we should be making some quick progress today."

"What you did just now..." I tell Arraka. "It was extremely similar to what a banshee does when she awakens, but there was a very subtle difference. I can tell, because I had the opportunity to witness it multiple times during my ritual, and I also have a very good idea about the way that patterns form in most magical flows. I think the main difference was... the focus?"

"Exactly," Arraka says. "See? You can do it if you try. Yes, the main difference is the focus, but can you tell what the focus of this spell is? What is its true purpose?"


[4] "Banshees, mostly," Arraka says. "There was a time in the past where I may have had a... slight feeling of guilt regarding the expulsion of the female spirits from the magical plane. A very tiny, almost insignificant sense of guilt, mind you, but still guilt nonetheless. That is why I've spent the first few days after my banishment five thousand years ago teaching several of the older and wiser female spirits how to absorb souls in order to survive on this plane of existence. At first they refused, of course, but once it became clear to them that they had no way to survive in this world without acquiring an earthen body, most of them reluctantly agreed to use my technique. These older spirits then took it upon themselves to teach the soul absorption technique to as many banished spirits as they could find, and so, the first generation of banshees was formed. I'm not sure how many of those first ones are still alive to this day, but I wouldn't be surprised if at least a few of them were still around. Otherwise, I don't really see how the banshee working for the northern sage would have been able to find out about me and my initial role in the banishment of all female spirits."

"But... why are you teaching me how to absorb souls?" I ask Arraka. "What purpose could you possibly have for doing such a thing?"

"Why don't you try answering that question yourself, Barry-boy?" Arraka says. "What do you think is my purpose for teaching you about this spell?"


[5] "There is no catch," Arraka says. "I would have taught them to you earlier, but you had no way of casting magic, so it would have just ended up being a waste of time. Now, at least you can cast spells on the ethereal plane, so there is some progress to be made. You've been practicing all sorts of spells in the ethereal plane for the past few days with Flower and Illuna's help, right? Well, now you can add these new spells of mine to the list."

"I'm not sure if that's how it works," I say. "As far as I understand, there is no real magic in the ethereal plane. The only reason why I can cast spells there is because people know about them, and so the ideas behind those spells can reach that plane of existence. If you're going to give me some secret spells that only you know about, I don't think I'll be able to cast them."

"It'll work, don't worry," Arraka says. "As long as the root of a spell is correctly imprinted onto the tapestry, you will be able to cast it no matter which plane you're on."

"I'm sorry," I tell her. "Imprinted on the what?..."


[6] "Like I was saying, in my first battle against Eiden, I bested him easily," Arraka says. "I would have killed him too, if that idiot stillwater Therius hadn't stopped me, giving the golden fox enough time to swoop in and teleport Eiden away from danger."

"How exactly did the stillwater that you were fused with stop you?" I say. "Didn't you say before that he was supposed to be a weakling?"

"He was a weakling compared to myself or Eiden, but he was still stronger than every other stillwater in that war, and he was also an ethereal," Arraka says. "The problem with ethereals is that their power gets multiplied exponentially while you fight them on the ethereal plane, especially inside their own mind. Therius may have been weaker than me on the earthen plane, but on the ethereal plane he was just strong enough to force a stalemate against me when I invaded his mind, and to cause our souls to fuse, instead of letting me absorb him. In practice, this meant that the two of us were forced to live inside his mind together for the duration of the still winter war, just like Flower and Illuna are doing now. Being of equal strength to me on that plane of existence, Therius was able to interfere with me on multiple occasions, including that one time when he saved Eiden from being killed, because they were apparently 'friends', or something. Not that their friendship really amounted to much when his old pal Eiden came back to murder us both, of course."


[7] "So, you're saying that there's still a chance, then?" I ask her. "Eiden can still be beaten?"

"Why are you so obsessed with finding ways to defeat Eiden?" Arraka says. "He has hardly shown any interest in fighting against you in the past. As long as you don't openly provoke him yourself or step on his toes somehow, I don't see why you would have to fight him before you leave Varathia."


[8] "You idiot!!!" Daren's wife shouts, sounding as if she were on the verge of crying. "Do you have any idea how worried I was about you?! I thought you were dead! I thought you were dead..."

We then hear her catching her breath a few times, while trying to stop herself from bursting into tears.

"I know," Daren says. "I'm really sorry. This island seems to block all outside communication that isn't authorized by the organizers of the tournament. I had no idea about any of this before coming here. If I had known, I would've--"

"I warned you not to go there..." Sophie interrupts him. "Why do you have to take these huge risks every single time? Why does it always have to be like this? Why couldn't you at least take me with you?..."

"Sophie, it's much too dangerous here for you!" Daren says. "I could not have protected you!"

"I can handle myself in a fight!" Sophie says. "You know that!"


[9] " 'All'?..." Sophie asks, confused. "There are more of you? How many people are travelling in your group right now?"

"There are currently... eight of us, depending on how you want to count us," Daren says. "Technically, two are living inside the same body, but they are still two different individuals, so--"

"Eight people?!" Sophie says. "You are travelling with seven other people? And... are the rest of these people your friends as well?"

"I mean... yeah, I'd like to think so!" Daren says. "Some of them, at least."


[10] "Daren, I believe you, but-- don't you think you might be pushing yourself too much?" Sophie says. "At first, it was only about saving as many people as possible. Then, you wanted a way to save all the people from suffering. I thought you had finally found a way to do that by joining this tournament, but now I find out that this world of ours isn't even all there is to it. From what you've told me, there must be thousands of other worlds out there, maybe even millions, all of them with different versions of ourselves doing different things. Will you want to save those worlds too? Where does it all end?"

"I... haven't really thought about that," Daren says. "Maybe once I'll gain access to the Magium, I'll be able to travel between worlds, and then I'll--"

"NO!" Sophie shouts. "No, no, no! Letting you leave to other continents is one thing, but letting you go to whole other worlds is too much! If you want to travel to other worlds, you're going to have to take me with you, do you understand? I'm going with you! I don't want to live through the fear of losing you like this ever again!!!"

"Okay, okay!" Daren says. "I'm sorry! Next time I leave anywhere, I'm taking you with me. I promise!"

"...Do you really mean that?" Sophie asks.

"Yes!" Daren says. "You have my word!"

"I will hold you to this promise, you know..." Sophie says. "I will remind you of it until the day you die."

"I wouldn't have it any other way," Daren says, while smiling.


[11] "Daren..." Arraka says. "Do you remember how on the very first day when we started your aura training, I told you that in order to contact the spirit from the magical plane that is linked to your aura, you would need to untangle the flow of your aura with your mind, and that then you would need to pull on the invisible string to get the spirit's attention?"

"Mhm," Daren says.

"Correct me if I'm wrong," Arraka says, "but from what you told me in the past, your main problem was that you couldn't identify the string that was linking you to your spirit. You said that even after the goblin Kelrim finally got you to understand what I meant by untangling the flow of your aura, you still couldn't complete your task because you would have no way of knowing how to isolate the strings well enough to be able to analyze them individually. Were these not your exact words?" 

"That is what I said, yes," Daren responds to her.

"Then would you mind explaining to me why this device, created by you, is able to perform the exact task which you said was impossible for you to do?" Arraka asks, sounding as if she were barely able to contain her anger.


[12] "Okay, fine," Daren says. "Next time, I won't make the mistake to assume that you know what you're talking about. I've learned my lesson."

"Just shut up and get to work," Arraka says. "If we're lucky, we might be able to contact that spirit of yours before it's time for you to go to sleep. The one good thing about all of this is that your transceiver will allow every one of us to talk to your spirit, not just you, so at least I'll be able to communicate with him directly. You'd better not mess this up."

"Yeah, yeah," Daren says, as he is now getting his enchanting tools out of his backpack again, so he can work on his transceiver.


[13] "Who are you?" we hear a heavily distorted male voice with a powerful echo, coming from the transceiver. "What do you want?"

"Uh... my name is Daren," says Daren. "I'm contacting you from the earthen plane, to ask you if you can help me with--"

"The earthen plane?" the spirit says. "Is this supposed to be some kind of joke?"

"No, sir," Daren says. "I'm calling you because our two auras are apparently linked together, and you are acting as some kind of funnel for me to extract energy from the magical plane. My problem is that--"

"You will undo this link at once!" the spirit says. "Do you understand?"

"Look, even if I wanted to, the link was done subconsciously ever since my birth," Daren says. "I don't think it would be possible for any of us to cancel it of our own free will. Now, if you could just listen to me for a second, there are only a few things I want to ask of you and then I will leave you alone."

"Unacceptable," the spirit says. "No earthen creature will extract my energy without my permission. If you will not cease your actions immediately, you will be faced with severe consequences."


[14] "You got it right on the first try," Arraka says. "I guess they don't call you 'enlightened' for nothing."

"I should have known that you would still be alive after all this time," says Jirinn, the spirit. "You always were particularly hard to kill. Just like a cockroach."

"They have cockroaches on the magical plane?" Daren says. "Wasn't everything there supposed to be non-corporeal?"

"I already told you that almost every earthen race has an equivalent on the magical plane, you twit," Arraka says. "That obviously also includes all manner of animals and insects."

"So, after five thousand years, you finally found a way to make contact with the magical plane, did you, you old hag?" Jirinn tells Arraka through the transceiver. "So, what's next, then? Are you planning to come back and finish what you started? Because I've been itching to kill you ever since the last time we fought, and I could definitely use the practice."

"If you're in the mood for a fight, then I have just the thing for you," Arraka says. "What if I told you that the reason for the banishment of all females of the civilized races from the magical plane was a lie fabricated by the God of Time, the God of Death and the God of Fate? What if I were to tell you I have unquestionable proof that Selkram and Ulruk themselves have used my soul absorption technique in the past?"


[15] "You see?" Arraka says. "That is exactly what I was talking about. What you are now is only a hollow shell of your former self. What I am granting you is the opportunity to go back to your days of glory. As soon as you will let everyone know the truth, there will be a great divide forming between the gods' factions. This will make them weak, and it will provide you with the much awaited chance to reorganize your enlightened group, and to once again become a force to be reckoned with. Think about it. Is this not what you've been looking for your entire life?"

"You are still as shrewd as ever, I see," Jirinn says. "At least I know that all those years spent on the earthen plane did not make you any less cunning. Hmm... I will have to think about what you told me... You will provide me, of course, with undeniable evidence to support your claims?"

"Naturally," Arraka says. "I even met Selkram a week and a half ago, so I can personally confirm that the spirits are indeed still absorbed by him. Verifying this fact will be trivial."

"You met with Selkram?..." Jirinn asks. "How?"

"He materializes on the earthen plane for a short while every time when he does his rituals," Arraka says. "That's how I was able to speak to him. Anyway, before I give you all the details that you need, I have one additional matter to discuss with you. It is about the human who is linked to you. The one that you spoke to earlier."

"You can't be serious..." Jirinn says. "Are you really going to ask me to help this... primitive creature?"


[16] "I can see that your complete lack of interest for anything that goes on in the earthen plane has not changed one bit since the last time I spoke to you," Arraka says. "To answer your question, a morning on the earthen plane is when the sun first rises in the sky, and when a new day begins. Do you remember how a long time ago, after the gods began to heavily involve themselves with the people of the earthen plane, we began to borrow their time measurement units, like days, hours, minutes and years? Well, a full day is measured as the time between two sun rises, and a year is the time that it takes the large spherical earthen object that we are currently standing on to rotate around the sun. Or at least that's my theory around it. Most people here seem to think that the sun is the one rotating around us and that the earth we are standing on is just one long flat surface, so I try not to discuss this topic with them in order to preserve my sanity."

"Hey, Daren, did you hear that?" Hadrik says. "Arraka thinks that we're standing on top of some big sphere that spins around the sun. HAHAHAHAHA!"

"See, this is exactly why I don't talk to them about such things," Arraka tells Jirinn, while Hadrik is still laughing loudly in the background. "It's a complete waste of my time and energy."

"You seem to be on quite friendly terms with these... humans," Jirinn says. "The Arraka I knew would have never been joking around with earthen creatures or asked a former enemy for help on their behalf. What has changed?"


[17] In fact, the gods will almost certainly use this opportunity to invite as many spirits as possible, so they can make a public showing of Jirinn's humiliation. Once all the spirits are gathered together and Jirinn has their undivided attention, he will cast a soul awakening spell provided to him by Arraka, causing Selkram and Ulruk's absorbed spirits to cry out desperately for help in their old voices, so that anyone who personally knew them five thousand years ago would recognize them immediately.

Taking advantage of the ensuing chaos, Jirinn would then shout about how the gods have betrayed them, and how they have been secretly absorbing spirits to increase their powers for all these years. He would also then claim that the true reason why they banished Arraka and the other females of the civilized races was because they were afraid that they could become powerful enough to challenge their rule, and because they wanted to keep the soul absorption technique a secret, so that they alone would be able to use it.


[18] "Yes, but you said that you've been roaming free in animal bodies ever since the still winter and until you got trapped in the amulet twenty years ago," Hadrik says. "That's what... six hundred years, almost? You could have helped them during this time!"

"Help them to do what, exactly?" Arraka asks. "Kill all of your women and steal their bodies? You do realize that even with my soul absorption technique, someone still needs to die, right? With the exception of ethereals, it is not possible for a banshee's and her host's souls to live together inside the same mind. If anything, you should be thankful that I didn't teach more female spirits my soul absorption technique. Right now, the number of banshees in your world is very small, so they are still manageable due to the existence of banshee hunters, but if every single female spirit were to acquire a body, they would quickly drive your whole population into extinction. This could have been amusing for a while, sure, but a world that has been emptied of all its locals would likely get boring very quickly."


[19] As soon as we get out of earshot of everyone else, Melindra begins to speak, with a rather serious look in her eyes.

"Barry, you've known Kate for longer than I have..." she says. "How do you think she'd react if she felt... somewhat betrayed by someone whom she considers to be her friend?..."

"We're talking about a purely hypothetical scenario here, of course?" I ask her, knowing full-well that she was in fact referring to herself.

"Yes, yes... purely hypothetical!" Melindra says.

"Well, to answer your question," I say, "the last time when Kate thought I had betrayed her, she pinned me against a tree and put a knife to my throat."

"Oh..." Melindra says, in a tone suggesting that this wasn't exactly the answer she would have liked to hear. "And, umm... how did you manage to convince her that it was a misunderstanding?"


[20] "Okay, here's how we're gonna do this," Hadrik says. "I'll start with one of my weaker punches first and if you can handle that, we'll move up from there. Does that sound good to you?"

"Fine, fine, but hurry up," Daren says. "I am shivering with anticipation."

"Alright then," Hadrik says, as he readies his punch. "Here we go!"

As soon as Hadrik's fist hits Daren's shield, there is a loud clanging noise from when he hits the metal, but despite the rather considerable force that Hadrik seems to have put behind his 'weaker' punch, Daren didn't move one inch from his original position.

"Well, I'll be damned!" Hadrik says, with a grin. "Okay, Daren, you've convinced me. I'm going to give you one of my best punches. You'd better not disappoint me!"

"I wouldn't dream of it," Daren tells him.

This time, Hadrik brings his arm all the way back, in order to make sure that his next attack will live up to Daren's high expectations. When his fist finally hits Daren's shield again, the sound that the shield makes is so loud that it makes all the birds fly from the trees, and the noise just keeps on going for about another ten seconds, while the shield vibrates continuously from the strength of the punch.

Daren was pushed back around thirty inches or so by the impact of the hit, but for the most part he stood his ground, and unless he sustained any non-visible injuries that I am unaware of, he seems to be completely unharmed.


[21] After seeing that none of his attacks are connecting, Hadrik decides to change his strategy a little and to employ the same tactics that he used against Gontrok in their last battle, changing his body size and proportions constantly in order to confuse his dueling partner. From what I can tell, this does seem to be having an effect on Daren, likely because he hasn't really had the chance to see Hadrik fight in this new style for very long, making it a lot harder to predict. After a few very close calls, Daren is eventually forced to go on the defensive, blocking a lot more hits with his shield than he did before.

On the other hand, Hadrik isn't letting Daren's sword get anywhere near him, knowing full-well that it could easily cut through his aura hardening and his tough giant skin even if Daren is not aiming for any of his weak points. This carefulness of his around Daren's weapon makes some of his strikes weaker than they should be, due to him being caught on the wrong footing half of the time.

"It looks like it won't be long now until Daren concedes," Kate tells us.

"What are you talking about?" Flower says. "Why would he give up? He's totally winning!"

"He looked like he was winning at first, but not anymore," Kate says. "As soon as he started going on the defensive, the fight was lost for him."


[22] "What the--" Daren says, as he immediately gets up from the ground and his plate falls from his lap. "You mean to say that you sent that arrogant prick on a suicide mission while knowing full-well that his death would mean the loss of my magic?! What were you thinking?"

"Relax..." Arraka says. "If it does happen, then it will only be a temporary setback. Usually, it doesn't take more than a day for someone to link themselves subconsciously to another spirit if the one that they were already linked to ends up dying. And even if you link yourself wrong again, we'll just have a talk with this new spirit and tell him to fix it. One day without magic won't kill you. You still have your enchanted weapon, shield and armor, so it's not like you'll be defenseless or anything."

"Yeah, but I only just got used to fighting without my armor again!" Daren says. "Do you have any idea how long it's been since I could move so freely, without all that heavy metal dragging me down? Damn it, I really hope that bastard of a spirit doesn't get himself killed."

"He'll be fine," Arraka says. "He is one of the few who survived after making me into his enemy, so at the very least I can personally vouch for his resilience."

"Daren, may I ask what you're planning to do with your armor, now that you're not going to wear it anymore?" Melindra says. "From the looks of it, most of those pieces of armored plate are too big to fit into your backpack. Surely, you're not planning to just leave them here, are you?"


[23] After we're all done eating, Daren and Hadrik both get ready to begin round two of their battle, like they said they would. However, just as they are about to start, a new spectator suddenly joins us, teleporting right next to our group, while acting as casually and nonchalantly as we've come to expect from him by now.

"What's the matter?" Eiden asks us, with his eyes closed as always, after we all stare at him for a few seconds without saying anything. "There's no need to stop the fight on my account. By all means, please continue!"

"Eiden again..." Daren says, and then he sighs. "I see that you're still walking around with your eyes closed, dressed in pajamas as if you've just gotten out of bed. Some things never really change, do they?"

"These aren't pajamas," Eiden says. "They are high-quality fabric made from the finest of silks. They used to be quite popular six hundred years ago. Melindra, I'm surprised that you've travelled so long with them and you haven't told them this by now."

"Hmph," Melindra says, as she crosses her arms and turns her face away from him, with a pout. "I'm not talking to you."

"Now, now, is that any way to treat an old friend?" Eiden says, as he walks closer to her.

"You're not my friend," Melindra says. "Friends don't ignore each other in their time of need. You even went as far as casting a silencing spell on me in the Thilias arena and making me look like an idiot when I was talking to you. Don't think that I'll ever forget that!"


[24] "I see," Eiden says, as he spends a few seconds in quiet contemplation before he speaks again. "In that case, I should probably give you a warning. This may sound obvious to you, but that Eiden and I are not the same person. We do not share the same memories, and based on how old that version of me was, he may have had a completely different outlook on life than the one I have now. I do not know what he's said to you, or how far you've been sent into the past, but you should not make the mistake of thinking that anything you've discussed in that trial applies to this world. Believing otherwise will likely only set you up for disappointment."

"Don't worry," Daren says. "I'm not planning to make that mistake."

"Very well," Eiden says. "Now that we've got that settled, perhaps it is time to change the topic of conversation to one of the two main subjects that I've come here to talk to you about. First of all, let us discuss Ollendor. Tell me, Barry, what do you think about their new king?"

