
[1] 

[2] "There's nothing wrong with it," Daren says, without interrupting himself from what he is doing. "I'm just trying to improve it. I got an idea after a discussion that I've had with Arraka about auras yesterday, and now I want to see if I can make use of what I've learned from her to further strengthen the magical signal of my transceiver."

"But you said that it was already strong enough to contact people on other continents, right?" Hadrik says. "You want to make it even stronger than that?"

"It can normally contact people who are on other continents, yes, but I can't do it from this place, for whatever reason," Daren says. "Varathia most likely has some sort of signal-blocking spell cast all over the island, to prevent any outside contact except for the one authorized by the kings, and I'm trying to bypass this restriction. I feel like I'm really close to a major breakthrough, here. I just need to do a few final tweaks..."


[3] "There's nothing wrong with it," Daren says, without interrupting himself from what he is doing. "I'm just trying to improve it. I got an idea after a discussion that I've had with Arraka about auras yesterday, and now I want to see if I can make use of what I've learned from her to further strengthen the magical signal of my transceiver."

"But you said that it was already strong enough to contact people on other continents, right?" Hadrik says. "You want to make it even stronger than that?"

"It can normally contact people who are on other continents, yes, but I can't do it from this place, for whatever reason," Daren says. "Varathia most likely has some sort of signal-blocking spell cast all over the island, to prevent any outside contact except for the one authorized by the kings, and I'm trying to bypass this restriction. I feel like I'm really close to a major breakthrough, here. I just need to do a few final tweaks..."

"You sure are expending a lot of effort for this project of yours," Hadrik says. "Is there anyone in particular that you want to contact outside of Varathia?"

"Yes," Daren says. "My wife."

After hearing Daren's words, we all turn our heads to look at him, while Hadrik just stands there, confused.

"You have a wife?..." Hadrik asks him. "You never told us that you were married!"


[4] "Alright, well, take your time, then!" Hadrik says. "No need to rush things on my account. You go ahead and make sure that everything's working as expected!"

"Thanks," Daren says. "I'll do that."

"Hey, moron!" Arraka tells me, from the amulet around Flower's neck. "Stop eavesdropping and pay attention to what I'm doing. It's not often that you get the privilege to learn from a genius such as myself."

"I would pay a little more attention if you weren't so incredibly bad at explaining things," I tell Arraka. "I honestly have no idea how Illuna ever managed to learn anything from you."

"Be quiet," Arraka says. "It takes me a whole hour to cast this spell while I'm in the damned amulet, and I'm not planning to do it twice. The least you could do is have the decency to look at it. Now, are you ready or not?"

"Sure, whatever," I say. "I'm ready."

"Then make sure to observe every last magical particle flowing from my amulet," Arraka says. "If you do that, you will quickly understand why I'm showing this to you. Here it goes."


[5] "Hey, moron!" Arraka tells me, from the amulet around Flower's neck. "Stop eavesdropping and pay attention to what I'm doing. It's not often that you get the privilege to learn from a genius such as myself."

"I would pay a little more attention if you weren't so incredibly bad at explaining things," I tell Arraka. "I honestly have no idea how Illuna ever managed to learn anything from you."

"Be quiet," Arraka says. "It takes me a whole hour to cast this spell while I'm in the damned amulet, and I'm not planning to do it twice. The least you could do is have the decency to look at it. Now, are you ready or not?"

"Sure, whatever," I say. "I'm ready."

"Then make sure to observe every last magical particle flowing from my amulet," Arraka says. "If you do that, you will quickly understand why I'm showing this to you. Here it goes."


[6] Immediately after I say these last two words, Arraka casts a spell that makes it sound like she is slowly clapping her hands.

"Bravo!" Arraka says, while the sound of clapping can still be heard in the background. "Bravo. Of the hundreds of people that I asked this question to in the past, you and Illuna were the only ones to have answered it correctly so quickly. Oh, and I suppose Flower figured it out on her own too, but I never really bothered to ask her the question, so it doesn't count."

"You asked this question to hundreds of people?" I say. "But... to whom?"


[7] "Normally, a spell made with a very specific purpose, like yours, shouldn't be able to activate if it does not find an appropriate target," I say. "If you were trying to daze a rock or put it to sleep, it would be impossible, because the rock isn't alive. Using the same logic, your spell should also cancel itself before being cast, if you do not target it at someone who has a soul in the ethereal plane. Since your spell worked even under these conditions, it means that the design of the spell is fundamentally different from the vast majority of spells that are being used by today's mages. The underlying principles behind this spell could potentially lay the foundation for a completely new branch of magic..."

"They already did," Arraka says.

"Come again?" I ask her, confused.

"I did form a new branch of magic, based on the underlying principles of this one spell," Arraka says. "I did it many thousands of years ago, back when I was still on the magical plane, and when designing new spells used to be a lot easier and faster than it is now."

"It used to be easier back then?" I say. "But why?"

"Who knows?" Arraka says. "Maybe it's because less time had passed since the primordial plane got split into three, and the new planes of existence hadn't been fully stabilized yet. Either way, it doesn't matter. What does matter is that I alone have access to these spells, and I'm planning to spend the next few days or weeks teaching them to you."

"Well, that's certainly... generous of you," I say. "What's the catch?"


[8] "No, not the soul absorption spell," Arraka says. "I only showed that to you so you could understand the basic principles behind it. Even the very crude version of the spell that I taught to the banshees would be too difficult for you to understand, since you're not a magical spirit that can learn these things intuitively. However, I do have a few spells in mind that will be particularly useful against the God of Time, and against that sad copy of me from the parallel universe that we were sent to during the ritual."

"But what about Eiden?" I say.

"I don't know," Arraka says. "What about him?"

"You fought against him before, didn't you?" I ask her. "Surely you must know some of his weaknesses! Or at least a few of the loopholes that he used to defeat you."

"His 'loopholes', as you call them were largely irrelevant on their own," Arraka says. "The first time when I fought Eiden during the still winter, he was barely comparable to one of the low-tier gods that I massacred on the magical plane when I went on my initial rampage. Sure, he had a ridiculous amount of magical power, and his inventive way of bypassing the rules of spells was rather impressive, but those were not the kind of tricks that I was complaining about when I told you before about my fight against him."

"They're not?" I say. "Then what?"


[9] "I said that he 'could' bend the laws of magic at will, not that he still can," Arraka says. "At this point in time, he probably only has access to a very small selection of tricks, compared to what he had during his last fight against me. My theory has always been that his unparalleled magical knowledge during that fight somehow came from the Magium, but more recently, after having seen how a Magium fragment possessed the Overseer and almost undid our whole universe in an attempt to hunt down the other Arraka, I think I might have finally figured out what happened all those years ago. My guess is that one of the Magium fragments somehow came into contact with Eiden and the fox at some point after my first fight against him, and it gave them access to forbidden knowledge, for the specific purpose of defeating me. Once their purpose was fulfilled, they must have lost most of their new knowledge, except for the small parts of it that they got to keep as a reward for their cooperation. That is why they were able to invent a spell that creates food out of nothing, which normally should have been impossible by using only the knowledge available at the time."


[10] "Can you shut off that infernal racket?!" Arraka shouts. "Some of us are trying to teach, here!"

"You're acting as if there is anyone in the world who could tell the difference between this noise and the inane ramblings that you call 'teaching'," Daren says, while he continues to work on his device.

"What is it that you are even trying to do, you oaf?" Arraka says, loudly. "Annoy us all to death?"

"You will see soon enough," Daren says, as he once again moves one of his tools and the pitch of the sound that the transceiver is making becomes even more unbearable to listen to.

After twenty more seconds of this colorful musical performance, the noises from the device finally stop, and they are replaced with a short period of complete silence, until Daren finally decides to pick the transceiver up in his hand and speak into it.

"Hello?" Daren says. "Can you hear me?"

There is a brief pause, but then we hear a woman's voice coming out of the transceiver, talking in a very hesitant tone.

"...Daren?" the woman says. "Daren, is.... is that really you?..."

"Yes, Sophie," Daren says. "It's me... I've been trying to contact you ever since I got here, but--"


[11] "A friend?..." Sophie asks, sounding very shocked. "But... Daren doesn't have any friends!"

"Hahahahaha!" Hadrik laughs. "I thought you might say something like that. I assure you that I am quite real, and not at all imaginary, if that is what you are implying!"

"No, you don't understand!" Sophie says. "Daren always travels alone. He's done it all his life. And even when he comes back here, he barely interacts with anyone from our home town. He's practically been pushing people away for as long as I can remember! I've heard many people being grateful to him for saving them, or singing his praises because of his heroic deeds, but I've never heard anyone openly calling him a friend before. What has changed? Is he not still the same grumpy and unapproachable Daren that I've known since we were kids?"

"Oh, you don't need to worry about that!" Hadrik says. "He's still just as grumpy as ever. But we've all gotten used to it!"


[12] "Sophie," Daren says, "I think you might need to grab a glass of water and sit down somewhere. There are a lot of things that I need to tell you about."

It takes Daren over half an hour to properly summarize all of the things that have happened to us ever since we came to Varathia, but eventually he manages to bring his wife up to speed with most of the main events that occurred during our time here. 

Sophie had to ask Daren multiple times during his recounting of the events if he was being serious or not, due to just how unbelievable some of his stories were, but eventually she understood that none of what he was saying was a joke, and she trusted him enough to not doubt any of the things that he told her about, no matter how ridiculous they may have sounded from an outsider's perspective.

Once Daren is done with his story, Sophie stays silent for a short while, trying to put everything together in her head.

"Daren..." Sophie says, eventually. "These things that you have told me... Your ongoing efforts to defeat one of the gods... your travel to a world from the past, where there were metal vehicles flying in the sky...  your talk about an entity that can erase entire universes from existence... This is a lot to take in."

"I know," Daren says. "Trust me, I've experienced all of this first-hand, and I still find some of it hard to believe. But it's all true, I promise!"


[13] "I will stop complaining when you will start-- wait, what do you mean my 'teachings'?" Arraka says. "Are you talking about my aura lessons?"

"Yeah," Daren says. "I remembered what you told me yesterday about how one can bolster the link between two auras by identifying key points in the flow that appear to be 'tied into knots' and gently pulling on the invisible strings until I can untie them. These so-called 'knots' sounded very similar to the typical blockages that I would normally encounter when enchanting my transceivers to have a more powerful signal, except that I would always try to either find my way around them or eliminate them entirely, and I had never once thought that I had the option to simply untie them as if they were strings. As soon as I applied this process to my enchanting, everything became much easier."

"...Flower, can you take me closer to Daren?" Arraka says. "I want to have a better look at this transceiver of his."

"Umm, sure!" Flower says, and then she does as Arraka asked.

Once her amulet is closer to the transceiver, Arraka spends about thirty seconds observing it in silence. Just as we were about to ask her what she's doing, Arraka finally speaks, in a very calm, but obviously restrained tone of voice.


[14] "You're not making any sense..." Daren says. "You told me that the only way to contact this spirit is through the link that exists between our two auras. How exactly is my transceiver supposed to help in this situation?"

"You need to LINK it to your aura, genius," Arraka says. "First you link your transceiver to your aura, then you rotate that dial of yours until you find the correct frequency, and once you've identified it, you use your enchanting tools to untangle the flow of the aura. I can't believe that I need to actually tell you how to do your own job."

"If you knew that it was possible to do all this with a transceiver, then why didn't you just tell me?" Daren says. "It would have saved us both the trouble."

"How was I supposed to know that this is how your transceiver works, you buffoon?" Arraka says. "I already told you once before that I couldn't have any less of an interest in tinkering with devices. Enchanting is the one type of magic that I know almost nothing about, because I never could be bothered to give a damn. There are no physical objects on the magical plane, so I had no idea that this branch of magic even existed until I was banished to this realm. You're the only one here who knew enchanting well enough to be able to figure it out!"


[15] When he sees that we are all close enough to hear him clearly, Daren takes the transceiver in his hand and then turns towards Arraka.

"The transceiver is linked to my aura now, and I've taken care of all the blockages that could obstruct the communications channel to the magical plane," Daren says. "The only thing that remains to be seen is if the frequency that I set it to is correct."

"There would have been no blockages to take care of if you hadn't chosen the correct frequency, so I doubt there's any way you could have gotten it wrong," Arraka says. "Either way, we'll know for sure that it works as soon as we contact your spirit. Now hurry up and activate your transceiver! I'm curious to see which spirit you've been linked to, and whether I know them or not."


[16] "They won't believe him unless he gives them enough details about the soul absorption technique to verify this information for themselves," Arraka says. "And if you do give them those details, then they will surely know it's from me."

"Has it not been thousands of years since you last spoke to anyone on the magical plane?" I say. "For all they know, you could very well be dead by now, and the only reason why we are familiar with your soul absorption technique is because you taught it to others on the earthen plane, and then they taught it to their descendants... which could technically be true, since you did say that you told the early banshees about your technique."

"Alright, fine," Arraka says. "I see your point. I'll give Daren the details he needs to convince the spirit, and if he can't explain it well enough on his own, only then will I intervene. Are you happy, now, or do you have something else to add?"

"No, I'd say that should be about enough," I answer her, and then Arraka begins to give Daren the information that he needs to relay to his linked spirit in order to make them believe him.

Once she is done, Daren tells us that he is about to open the channel, and he taps his transceiver. 

"Hello?" Daren says. "Is there anyone there?"

He waits for a few moments, but he does not get an answer.

"Can you hear me?" Daren asks again.


[17] "Hello?" Daren says. "Is there anyone there?"

He waits for a few moments, but he does not get an answer.

"Can you hear me?" Daren asks again.


[18] Daren then begins to sing what appears to be the national anthem of one of the countries from the Southern Continent, and I can confirm that he is indeed a horrible singer. I don't think he's hit a single correct note so far, and it doesn't really feel he's planning to, either. The problem with this plan of his is that the spirit from the magical plane isn't the only one who has to listen to him sing, and it looks like some of us are already reaching our limits.

"Good gods!" Hadrik says. "Daren, have mercy on us, please!"

"This cannot be a real song," Kate says, while covering her ears with her palms. "I refuse to believe it."

"So, is it safe to assume that you'd like me to intervene now, or would you perhaps prefer to listen to the whole concert?" Arraka asks me.

"Fine, you win," I tell Arraka. "If it will make the singing stop, then do what you have to do."

"Very well," Arraka says, and then she starts shouting so that the spirit can hear her through the background noise of Daren's singing. "Hey, Jirinn! Are you enjoying the serenade? There's no shame in begging him to stop, you know. Even 'supreme beings' such as yourself must have their breaking point."

"That voice..." the spirit from the magical plane says, as Daren has now stopped his song. "I haven't heard that voice in thousands of years. Could it truly be... Arraka?"


[19] "That voice..." the spirit from the magical plane says. "I haven't heard that voice in thousands of years. Could it truly be... Arraka?"


[20] "Don't be like that, Jirinn..." Arraka says. "If you were any other spirit, I would preach to you about the injustice of all the female spirits that have essentially been sentenced to death for the wrong reasons, but you and I both know what you really want. You want there to be chaos just as much as I do. Maybe even more than me. Isn't that the real reason why you founded your little group of 'enlightened' warriors? At first, you were fighting against the gods, but when I began my rampage, you immediately switched targets and began going after me. Now, you may have fooled the others into thinking that you were doing this for the right reasons, but I think you know very well that this was never the case. The real reason why you wanted to hunt me down was because you liked the challenge of it. You were only fighting the gods initially because you perceived it as a hopeless battle, but when I showed up, you immediately recognized my strength and decided to oppose me instead. Tell me, what have you been doing these last few thousands of years? Have you ever managed to recreate the feeling that you got when you were fighting against me and my allies? Has there ever been a moment when you have felt more alive than then?"

"...No," Jirinn says. "After your banishment, I did go back to fighting the gods, together with my enlightened warriors, but as you say, it was never quite the same. Eventually, my group disbanded and in the following years the gods gained more influence than ever. There is hardly anyone left who challenges their supremacy now, and even for someone as me, it would be nothing short of suicidal to openly oppose them at this point."


[21] "The reason why you and the human in question are both having trouble with your magic is most likely because the link was done incorrectly," Arraka says. "We already know that his soul's aura had this particular problem, so the chances are very high that the same thing happened with the link between the two of you. Illuna, you told me that Flower had some sort of medicine to fix Daren's nausea in the ethereal plane. Can you tell me what the medicine was meant to do, exactly?"

"I don't know if this means anything to you," Illuna says, "but Flower told me that the purpose of the medicine was to align the spinning essence with the spiraling blob. Isn't that right, Flower?"

"Yeah, that's what it's for," Flower says.

"Okay, so in other words, the link is slightly out of position," Arraka says. "Jirinn, I believe that for someone of your skill, it should be easy enough to do the appropriate readjustments as long as you know what to look for, correct?"

"I think so..." Jirinn says.

"Perfect!" Arraka says. "Then I recommend that you get to work immediately. If you get started now, you should normally have it done by tomorrow morning."

"What is this... morning you speak of?" Jirinn says.


[22] Once Arraka makes sure that Jirinn has been given enough evidence to believe her side of the story, she begins to discuss with him a very elaborate plan on how to expose the God of Death and the God of Time in front of all the other gods, in a way that would make it obvious for everyone that they have absorbed spirits in the past.

According to her, there is a way to temporarily awaken the spirits absorbed by Selkram and Ulruk from their long hibernation, but it can only be done for a very brief period of time, so it is important that there are as many witnesses as possible at that given moment.

In order to bring all of the gods together, Jirinn has agreed to contact them tonight and to falsely claim that he wants to pledge his loyalty to them tomorrow, before noon. Considering that he is the former leader of the largest and most powerful group that have opposed the gods in the past, such an offer will be hard for them to refuse, since his surrender would most likely greatly demoralize any spirits who still had any thoughts of resisting the gods' rule.


[23] As soon as the discussion between Arraka and Jirinn ends, we all decide to go to bed, since the moon was already pretty high up in the sky by the time everything was said and done. Luckily for me, I do not have any night shifts scheduled for today, so for once I am finally able to sleep uninterrupted until late in the morning.

When I wake up in my tent about ten hours later, I notice that my stat device is beeping next to me, although I'm not sure for how long it's been doing this. It looks like I've received some new points. It was about time.


[24] "Sort of," Arraka says. "First of all, they are not 'reborn' in the true sense of the word, since the new banshees that get created do not have the memories of the old ones that died. Secondly, the spirits do not die immediately after they are brought into this world. They usually fly around aimlessly for a few days at least before they inevitably succumb to their deaths. They don't have bodies, voices, or any real means to communicate with anyone from the earthen realm, but sometimes their presence is felt by certain people, who see them in their dreams or who can make out their shapes late at night. These spectral apparitions are typically referred to as ghosts. Oh, and it's not 'thousands' of female spirits that are reincarnated every day only to die, but rather tens of thousands, or even more than that."

"Tens of thousands?!" Hadrik asks, shocked. "And you are okay with this?"

"What is there to be okay with?" Arraka says. "I gave them a fighting chance, didn't I? I taught them how to survive. Now, the rest is up to them. And besides, it's not like I could have done much more for them even if I wanted to. I was trapped in a mountain for more than four thousand years, remember?"


[25] "Hey, Barry, do you have a minute?" Melindra says, from somewhere behind me. "I need to talk to you about something in private."

"Oh, hi Melindra," I say. "I didn't know you came back. Sure, I've got a minute."

I then follow Melindra away from the others, while Hadrik and Arraka continue their conversation in the background.

"Look, I wasn't suggesting that you should let the banshees kill all the women," Hadrik tells Arraka. "I was thinking that maybe you'd find some other way to help them out."

"Well, I could put them out of their misery a little faster than the time it takes them to die on their own, if you want," Arraka says. "Would that be helpful enough for you?"

"Damn it, you know what I meant!" Hadrik says.


[26] "I asked Kate if she could fly around on her ice platforms and throw rocks at me from all angles," Daren says. "I managed to block them all with my magical barrier. It's amazing! I never thought that my shield spell would ever work this well in my lifetime!"

"Nice!" I say. "So this means that Jirinn, or whatever his name was, fixed the link between the two of you, right? How strong do you think your shield is against physical attacks, compared to what you can do against magic? Is it anywhere near that level?"

"That's what I intend to find out," Daren says, as he now reaches me and begins to shout for Hadrik. "Hey, Hadrik, can you come out here for a second? I want to test something!"

 "Yeah, yeah, I'll be right there," we hear Hadrik's voice, and then he walks out from behind the trees and into the clearing that we were in.

"What's going on?" Hadrik asks Daren, as he gets closer to us and Flower is now coming towards us as well, with Arraka's amulet around her neck.

"Hadrik," Daren says, "I want you to hit me as hard as you can. Give me your best punch. Come on!"

As he is saying this, Daren is taking a defensive stance, with his shield in front of him and his semi-transparent barrier surrounding him.

"As hard as I can?" Hadrik says. "I don't think this is such a good idea."

"Nonsense," Daren says. "I can take it. Show me the best you've got!"


[27] "You thought I wouldn't expect a surprise dash right at the beginning of the battle?" Daren says, with half a grin. "Come on, Hadrik! You know me better than that! I've been watching you fight for weeks. You're going to have to be a little more unpredictable if you actually want to win this."

"Hah!" Hadrik says. "I should have known that you wouldn't let me end the fight so quickly. But what if I do this?"

He then jumps towards Daren, trying to hit him with his fist again, but Daren steps out of the way once more, making it look as if he were expecting this attack as well. Seeing that surprises don't seem to work on his opponent, Hadrik decides instead to strike many times in quick succession, in order to give Daren as little time as possible to outmaneuver him.

To all of our surprise, Daren's moves flow like water from one another, avoiding one punch after the other, without letting himself get hit even once. His new style of combat looks like a combination between the style of his old master Nolderan... and that of Eiden.

"I see that Daren is combining his many years of combat experience with what I taught him about auras in order to read his opponent's moves and predict his attacks before they happen," Arraka says. "Not bad. Maybe I didn't waste all that time teaching him for nothing."


[28] Hadrik and Daren's battle went on for a long while, just as Arraka predicted, and the two of them were indeed evenly matched for the entirety of their duel, however what nobody could have predicted was that the fight ended by Daren conceding, because he was getting hungry and Hadrik was too stubborn to end the match in a draw.

While this was not exactly the outcome that I had in mind when I made the bet with Kate, I am a man of my word, so I decided to uphold my end of the bargain and to abstain myself from eating any of Flower's delicacies for the rest of the day.

Once Flower was done making food out of thin air for everyone except me, we all began to eat our meals, while discussing our plans for the rest of the day.

"It's almost noon," Daren says, as he takes a bite of a hard-boiled quail egg. "That meeting with the gods should be starting by now, right? Do you guys think that old Jirinn what's-his-face will pull it off?"

"Of all the non-god spirits that I fought in the magical plane, Jirinn was probably the most competent, both as a warrior and as a leader," Arraka says. "I have little doubts that he will accomplish what he sets out to do. The only thing that I'm not certain of is if he will get out alive or not after he holds his little speech, rallying everyone against the gods. Eh... I suppose we'll find out soon enough if he's dead, since Daren will immediately lose all of his magic if that is the case."


[29] Hadrik and Daren's battle went on for a long while, just as Arraka predicted, and the two of them were indeed evenly matched for the entirety of their duel, however what nobody could have predicted was that the fight ended by Daren conceding, because he was getting hungry and Hadrik was too stubborn to end the match in a draw.

Once Flower was done making food out of thin air for everyone, we all began to eat our meals, while discussing our plans for the rest of the day.

"It's almost noon," Daren says, as he takes a bite of a hard-boiled quail egg. "That meeting with the gods should be starting by now, right? Do you guys think that old Jirinn what's-his-face will pull it off?"

"Of all the non-god spirits that I fought in the magical plane, Jirinn was probably the most competent, both as a warrior and as a leader," Arraka says. "I have little doubts that he will accomplish what he sets out to do. The only thing that I'm not certain of is if he will get out alive or not after he holds his little speech, rallying everyone against the gods. Eh... I suppose we'll find out soon enough if he's dead, since Daren will immediately lose all of his magic if that is the case."


[30] "Umm, soon!" Melindra says, looking a bit uncomfortable. "Very soon! There are just... a few last-minute arrangements that I need to take care of, and then we'll be on our way."

"Right..." Daren says, in a somewhat unconvinced tone. "Well, take as much time as you need. Just make sure to not forget about the enchanter's oath. So far it hasn't been acting up in any way, but it might have some sort of negative reaction if the spell considers that you are stalling too much."

"I know," Melindra says. "I haven't forgotten. I'll... make sure that there are no unnecessary delays that could cause trouble with the spell."

"As long as you understand, it's fine," Daren says. "Anyway, we should hurry up and finish eating. To be honest, I'm still a little bit pissed about how my fight with Hadrik ended, so I'm kind of itching for a rematch."

"Hey, I offered a compromise, didn't I?" Hadrik says. "I said we could eat while still fighting. You're the one who surrendered out of the blue before we could talk things through!"

"Yeah, yeah," Daren says. "Whatever you say, Hadrik. Don't worry, this time there won't be any more interruptions, so I'm sure that we'll have a clear winner soon enough."


[31] "So, would you mind telling us the reason for your visit, or do you expect us to guess?" Illuna says.

"All in good time, Illuna of the sacred woods massacre," Eiden says. "But first, I would like to ask a slightly unrelated question. Wasn't there supposed to be a white mage in your group? Whatever happened to Daren? You know... dark-skinned fellow... very tall... wears armor all the time?"

"I'm right here, jackass," Daren says. "Don't act like you don't see me."

"My good sir, you must be mistaken," Eiden tells him. "Aside from your obvious lack of heavy armor, the Daren that I know would have tried to kill me with the first opportunity, or at the very least, he would have looked at me as if he were ready to slit my throat at any given moment. I do not remember having had any other conversations with you since the last time I saw you, so what has changed, exactly?"

"That's right, you don't remember..." Daren says, in a thoughtful voice. "You would have no way of remembering, in fact..."

"I beg your pardon?" Eiden says.

"Let's just say that a... different version of yourself from another world has given me a helping hand when I was at my lowest point," Daren says, "and because of that, I am willing to take a somewhat more lenient attitude towards you, at least for the time being."

"...You are talking about the God of Time's trials?" Eiden asks, in a more serious tone than usual.

"Yes," Daren answers, simply.


[32] 