
[1] 

[2] "Exactly," Hadrik says. "Well, it turns out that the reason for my family hating me is a rather simple one, and it's directly related to the events that I was forced to relive during the God of Time's trial. To start from the beginning... Gontrok and some other common friends of ours woke me up one night and they told me about this certain dwarven village that was supposedly being used as a temporary base for a dwarven strike force that was going to attack our camp in the next few days. This was more than fifty years ago, and we were in a pretty nasty war with the dwarves at the time, so I didn't really have a reason to suspect that they would be lying to me about this."

"So, it wasn't a military base, then?" Daren asks. "It was just a regular village?"

"Aye," Hadrik says. "The village in question was nothing more than a regular dwarven small town that didn't have any soldiers in it whatsoever. I probably should have realized this when I noticed that they didn't even have any lookouts posted during the night, but I fooled myself into thinking that they were just really well hidden, and that they could jump out of the bushes to attack us at any minute. Gontrok convinced me that we needed to take the initiative before they had the chance to strike first, and he led me to the top of a cliff overseeing the valley in which the village was located. The reason why he took us all the way up there was because of some huge boulders that were placed right at the top, which were too big to be moved by anyone other than giants like us. He wanted us to push them all down the cliff simultaneously, so that they would roll all the way down to the village and destroy the houses before any of the villagers had the time to react."


[3] "Not only because of this, but it was part of the reason, yes," Hadrik says. "The other part of the reason was the fact that when I realized I couldn't get any justice for the dead dwarves by staying with my clan, I decided to go on a self-imposed exile, shapeshifting myself into a dwarf so that I could infiltrate the dwarven lands and track down the remaining relatives of the innocent civilians I killed in that village. Obviously, leaving the clan for a reason like this would pretty much guarantee that I would no longer be welcome if I ever chose to come back. This didn't matter to me, though, because all I wanted was to make things right."

"Did you manage to find any of those relatives, in the end?" Kate says.

"I did," Hadrik says. "It turned out that some of the dwarves I killed that night were only visiting the village, and they left their kids behind, in their own towns. When I found out about this, I took it upon myself to raise those kids until they came of age, and I also helped out a few other kids that had been orphaned because of the war, along the years. Eventually, the war between the giants and the dwarves ended, and the kids that I helped had grown up, now having their own jobs, wives and children, but I no longer had a place to call home back in the giant nation, so I decided to remain in the dwarven lands and to continue my life shapeshifted as a dwarf."

"Did those dwarves never find out that you were a giant?" Melindra says.


[4] "Yes, well... I figured that I'd make an exception this one time," Daren says, "since I'm pretty sure that you could really use a drink right about now."

When Hadrik understands what Daren means, he smiles and then he pulls out one of his dwarven ale bottles from his backpack.

"You're right," Hadrik says. "I really could use a drink. Here, hold this bottle for a second, while I take out two glasses. Or should I take out three? Barry, do you feel like joining in?"


[5] "Yeah, I guess it does feel a bit nostalgic," I tell her. "I mean, aside for the part where we found out that the arena owner had been spying on us through the walls the whole time. I probably could have gone just fine without knowing that detail."

"Yes," Leila writes, "and I think we can also cross out 'almost drowning in an underground lake' as an activity I'm not very keen on repeating anytime soon."

"Wow, I almost forgot about that..." I say. "I think you might really want to consider taking some swimming lessons in the future. You guys have swimming areas in your Varathian cities, right?"

"We do," Leila writes. "There are a few of them in Ollendor too, from what I've heard. Maybe you can teach me yourself some time. From what I saw, you seemed like a pretty good swimmer!"


[6] "Speak for yourself," I say. "The last time when I took a night shift with Daren, he made me stand in place and spin around over and over so he could study me from all angles as part of his aura training. He even made me stand on one foot while touching my nose with both my hands. I'm not even joking!"

Leila giggles silently.

"That doesn't sound that bad," she writes. "At least not as bad as that one time when Kate almost gave me a heart attack during one of our night shifts by jumping up from the ground all of a sudden and killing some random birds with her icicles because she thought an enemy mage summoned them as scouts..."

She pauses.

"Hey, maybe we should do a night shift together too, sometime," Leila writes, "It would be a nice change of pace. And I promise that with me you won't need to worry about being told to stand on one foot and to spin in place... much."


[7] "Well, it's possible that the teleporter maintenance is taking him a bit longer than usual this time," Albert says. "Do you want me to give him a call?"

"Yes, please," Leila writes. "If it's not too much trouble."

"Alright," Albert says, as he takes out his transceiver.

He then switches the transceiver's frequency and taps on it once, as he puts it close to his mouth.

"Doctor Reidzek, can you hear me?" Albert says, but then he checks his transceiver again, looking at its screen very intently. "Hmm... That's strange. His transceiver seems to be closed. I know that he does this sometimes so that he won't lose his concentration while working on something really complicated, but would he really need to focus that much on fixing the teleporter?... Give me a moment. I'll try calling Barry instead."

Albert switches the transceiver's frequency and taps it again, but once more he doesn't get any answer.

"I can't reach Barry either," Albert says, visibly frustrated. "He's talking with somebody else on the transceiver. We're going to have to wait for him to finish his conversation before we can-- actually, you know what? Never mind. Hey, Peter! Can you come here for a moment?"

"Sure," says Peter, who seems to have just entered the waiting room and is now getting closer to us. "What is it?"


[8] "I really am sorry about your brother," Daren says, looking genuinely depressed. "I wish I could have saved everyone. The only thing I can tell you is that his final moments will be a little better now that two of the nurses have been healed of the sickness, so they will be able to spend more time caring for the patients."

"You've done more than enough," Desmond says. "Go get some rest. You've earned it."

"I will, soon," Daren says. "Thank you."

He then begins to walk towards one of the tunnels leading out of the waiting room but when he sees Leila and me he stops to give us a short update on what he's doing.

"Sorry, I don't have time to chat!" Daren tells us from a distance. "I need to go look for the rebels' white mages so I can teach them how to heal this sickness by themselves once I'm no longer here!"

"Don't worry!" I tell him in a loud voice. "You go do what you need to do. We'll be here when you get back!"

"Okay," he says. "See you later!"

Not long after Daren leaves the room, we finally hear Peter's voice coming from Albert's transceiver, but his tone seems very alert, and he is breathing heavily, as if he were running.

"Albert!" Peter says loudly. "Albert, are you there?!"

"Yes!" Albert says. "What happened? Where is doctor Reidzek?"


[9] "The majority of the patients are now in a stable condition," Daren says. "There are still a few of them who haven't been fully healed yet because they had been very severely affected by the disease, but the nurses are doing all they can to stabilize them as we speak. Meanwhile, I'm going to meet some of your white mages so I can teach them what spells and what medicine they need to use in order to heal the people that get sick after I'm no longer here."

"Well, in that case I won't retain you any further," Desmond says. "Go do what you have to do. And may the gods bless you, healer... We are all in your debt."

Daren nods to him and then he begins to walk towards one of the tunnels leading out of the waiting room when he finally sees Leila and me.

"Sorry, I don't have time to chat!" Daren tells us from a distance. "I need to go look for--"

"Yes, yes, we heard you the first time!" I tell him in a loud voice. "Go do your thing! We'll be here when you get back!"

"Okay," he says. "See you later!"

Not long after Daren leaves the room, we finally hear Peter's voice coming from Albert's transceiver, but his tone seems very alert, and he is breathing heavily, as if he were running.

"Albert!" Peter says loudly. "Albert, are you there?!"

"Yes!" Albert says. "What happened? Where is doctor Reidzek?"


[10] He then rushes towards the teleporter room, turning invisible on the way, while the man that he talked to before is heading to the throne room to warn the king about what's happening. Just as I am trying to figure out what to do, Leila begins to run towards the teleporter room as well, but I catch her by the arm and stop her in her tracks.

"Leila, where are you going?" I tell her.

"Barry... my father!" Leila writes, looking extremely panicked. "I need to go save my father!"

As I'm seeing the expression she has on her face, I can clearly tell that she's too scared to think straight right now. The look she has in her eyes immediately reminds me of the time when she almost drowned in the underground lake, while she was trying to scream, but no words were coming out of her mouth.

"Leila, look at me!" I tell her, as I grab her lightly by her shoulders. "We're going to save your father. Together. But for now, I'm going to need you to calm down, okay? If you want to help your father you need to think clearly. Do you understand?"

"Yes!" Leila writes, as she tries to slowly come out of her panicked state. "Yes, I understand..."

