
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] "We should be going back to the waiting room as well," Daren tells us. "See you later, Barry. And thanks for the help!"

"Any time..." the teleporter guy says, and then we all leave the teleporter room to head into the tunnel leading towards the rebel base.

While we're walking, Daren begins to heal everyone who got hurt during the battle.

"So, uhm..." Hadrik says, as Daren is busy healing Leila. "I suppose I owe you all an explanation about all those... things Gontrok said about me while we were fighting."


[3] "Guys, I have some housework to do, so I'll be closing the transceiver now," Rose tells us. "Try to stay out of trouble for the rest of the day, okay? I don't think I'll be able to freeze the time anymore until I get some rest."

"We'll try to be more careful from now on," I tell Rose. "Bye, and thanks again!"

Once Rose closes the transceiver, Daren begins healing everyone who got hurt during the battle, while we steadily proceed towards the waiting room.

"So, uhm..." Hadrik says, as Daren is busy healing Leila. "I suppose I owe you all an explanation about all those... things Gontrok said about me while we were fighting."


[4] "Kate, I've been meaning to ask," Melindra says, as we are entering the tunnel. "How did you manage to undo the captain's aura technique earlier? Have you been doing any extra practice without telling me?"

"Not without telling you," Kate says. "You were there when I glued an icicle to my hand with my aura this morning, remember?"

"Oh right, you did do that!" Melindra says. "I almost forgot. But was that really all you needed to figure out how to cancel the captain's technique?"

"No, but Daren mentioned yesterday that in order to untangle an aura, you need to imagine yourself untying knots," Kate says. "It took me a while to understand what exactly he meant by that, but luckily I managed to figure it out before the captain had us all killed."
 
"Wow," Daren says. "You understood what you needed to do just from that? I'm impressed!"

"It wasn't easy," Kate says. "Hopefully, next time when you'll discuss abstract concepts like this you'll come up with some better metaphors."

"I'll do my best!" Daren says.

He then begins to heal everyone who got hurt during the battle, as we continue to proceed steadily towards the waiting room.

"So, uhm..." Hadrik says, as Daren is busy healing Leila. "I suppose I owe you all an explanation about all those... things Gontrok said about me while we were fighting."


[5] "So that's what your ritual was about," Kate says, in a serious tone.

"Yes," Hadrik says, in a somewhat hesitant voice. "To complete the trial, I had to push the boulder down that cliff just like the first time, and to kill all those innocent people again. Obviously, I didn't know this at first, and just like you guys, I thought that this was my one chance to change my mistake from the past. It took me a long while to understand what the ritual actually wanted from me. It took me even longer to realize that I had to reenact everything that happened, not just the boulder pushing, so I actually had to go down to the village and check every single house for the non-existent survivors, getting a close look at every single one of the people I've killed, including the women and children. Not exactly the best experience to have, considering how hard I've been trying to forget those faces after they've haunted my dreams for years."

"My gods, that's horrible..." Flower says. "But... how did this lead to you having a fight with your parents?"


[6] "Most of them found out at one point or another," Hadrik says, "but by that time I'd already lived with them for a long time, so they didn't really care that much anymore. After spending so much time in the dwarven lands I pretty much started talking, acting and drinking like any other dwarf, so the majority of them didn't really see much of a difference to begin with. The one thing that I still longed for was the fighting, though. As a giant, it was practically in my blood, and I had gotten a bit tired of having to hold back during tavern brawls so that I wouldn't kill anyone by accident. That's why I eventually started to go on adventures by myself all around the world, so that I could finally find some adversaries that would be able to provide me with a true challenge. I would always end up returning to the dwarven lands after a while, and I would go drink in their taverns some more, but even after all this time, I still never had the guts to tell them what was my initial reason for starting to shapeshift as a dwarf. Maybe one day I will tell them about that dwarven village. Maybe one day..."


[7] "Sure, I'll drink one glass," I say.

"Perfect," Hadrik says, as he hands the glasses to us and then begins filling them with ale. "In that case, let us hold a toast for our resounding victory against the royal guards. I mean, it would have been a little better if I managed to take out Gontrok for good, but at least we made him run with his tail between his legs. Cheers!"

"Cheers!" Daren and I say, and then we all drink the ale from the small glasses in one gulp.

"We should probably get moving, now," Hadrik says, as he puts the glasses and the bottle in his backpack. "We've already kept those people in the quarantine zone waiting long enough as it is."


[8] "I think I'll pass, for now," I say. "I don't want to risk getting drunk in case we have another battle later."

"Suit yourself," Hadrik says, as he hands Daren his glass and then begins filling it with ale. "In that case, Daren, I will dedicate this toast to you finally coming out of your shell and offering to drink with me at such an early hour. Maybe all hope is not lost, and you too will one day come to appreciate the beloved dwarven tradition of being drunk at any time of the day, eh? What do you say? Hahahaha!"

"You wish!" Daren says with a grin, as the two of them clink their small glasses, and then they both drink the ale from them in one gulp.

"We should probably get moving, now," Hadrik says, as he puts the glasses and the bottle in his backpack. "We've already kept those people in the quarantine zone waiting long enough as it is."


[9] "Actually, I used to be pretty bad at swimming too, until this one time when I was exploring a cave with an archaeology professor and we ended up trapped inside," I say. "In order to reach the only other exit, we needed to swim through a long underwater section of the cave, and since both of us were rather lousy swimmers, we pretty much had to spend hours upon hours learning how to hold our breaths for long periods of time and learning how to move fast underwater. What's funny is that this was probably the easiest part of all the things we had to do to get out of that cave."

"Is this another one of your 'mundane' stories from back when you were doing odd jobs and travelling around the world?" Leila writes, with a bit of a smirk.

"Fine, fine, I admit it," I say. "Maybe in hindsight some of these stories are not really as boring as I initially made them out to be. Now, do you want to hear the rest of the story or not?"

"I'm all ears," Leila writes, with a smile, as we continue to walk slowly towards her father's workshop.


[10] "Yeah, that doesn't sound like a bad idea," I say. "I'm talking of course about doing our next night shift together and not about the 'spinning on one leg' part."

"I kind of figured it out already, but thanks for clarifying," Leila writes, with a smile. "So... we'll take the second shift tonight, then?"

"Sounds good!" I say.

"I'll be looking forward to it!" Leila writes.

After a short pause during which neither of us says anything, Leila's writing appears again in front of me.

"My father sure is taking a while to come back, isn't he?" she writes, now looking slightly worried.

"Do you happen to have the magical frequency of his transceiver, so I can try giving him a call?" I ask her.

"No," Leila writes, as she shakes her head. "There's no way for me to communicate with him through a transceiver, so I didn't really have much of a reason to ask him for his frequency number."

"Well, I suppose we could try asking around the waiting room if somebody saw where he went," I say. "There's only one corridor that leads from here to the waiting room, so we should almost certainly run into him on our way there if he comes back."

"Yes," Leila writes. "We should probably do that."


[11] "Actually, I was kind of planning to take the next shift with Hadrik, to cheer him up a little..." I say.

"Don't worry," Leila writes. "I said 'sometime', not 'tonight'. We can have our night shift some other day. Keeping your friend company in his time of need is definitely more important!"

"Thanks for understanding!" I say. "Hopefully I'll find a way to liven up his mood a bit."

"I'm sure you'll figure something out!" Leila writes, smiling.

After a short pause during which neither of us says anything, Leila's writing appears again in front of me.

"My father sure is taking a while to come back, isn't he?" she writes, now looking slightly worried.

"Do you happen to have the magical frequency of his transceiver, so I can try giving him a call?" I ask her.

"No," Leila writes, as she shakes her head. "There's no way for me to communicate with him through a transceiver, so I didn't really have much of a reason to ask him for his frequency number."

"Well, I suppose we could try asking around the waiting room if somebody saw where he went," I say. "There's only one corridor that leads from here to the waiting room, so we should almost certainly run into him on our way there if he comes back."

"Yes," Leila writes. "We should probably do that."


[12] "Doctor Reidzek's been missing for a while, and the last thing we know about him is that he went to the teleporter room to do some regular maintenance," Albert says. "We tried calling both him and Barry on the transceiver, but neither of them are answering. Could you pay Barry a quick visit to see if anything is wrong? And make sure that you have your transceiver open, so you can contact us in case of an emergency."

"Roger that," Peter says. "I'll be right back!"

"Thanks," Albert says. "Oh, and Peter! Could you also keep your aura hidden while you approach the teleporter room? Just in case."

"Understood," Peter says in a more serious tone, and then he heads into the tunnel leading to the teleporter room without another word.

"I'm sure that doctor Reidzek is fine," Albert tells Leila, when he sees the anxious look on her face. "He must have just gotten a little too caught up in his work, like always. We just need to wait until Peter reaches the teleporter room, and we'll hear from your father again."

"Yes," Leila writes, looking as if she were even more anxious now than before. "We just need to wait."

As we stand there, waiting for Peter to contact us, we see Daren coming out of the quarantine area and beginning a conversation with Desmond, who is still guarding the door.


[13] "Albert!" Peter says. "Barry betrayed us! I heard him talking with Gontrok on the transceiver just now while he was in the teleporter room! The royal guards have received approval from the king of Ollendor to kill everyone in the underground, and Barry is helping them! You need to tell our king, quick!"

"Barry is working with the royal guards?..." Albert says, shocked. "No, no, that's impossible! His brother was killed by the--"

"His brother is alive!" Peter says. "Barry has been lying to us this whole time. His brother is alive and he's being held hostage by the king of Ollendor! That's why he betrayed us! I heard Gontrok threatening to kill his brother if he didn’t obey their orders. And they took doctor Reidzek too! They made Barry teleport him to one of the seredium towers, so that he can help them control the Overseer because he's also a lessathi who is good at tinkering with old devices, like Billy Bob!"

"What?!" Leila writes, now starting to panic.

"Doctor Reidzek has been kidnapped?!" Albert says. "We need to go save him now! Do you know in which of the towers--"


[14] 

While Leila is calming down, I try to focus on the sounds coming from the tunnel leading to the teleporter room. Where are the royal guards right now? Are they going to attack us from that direction, or will they be coming from above, like Peter said? Were the trainees only chasing after Peter to silence him or will they also be arriving here afterwards?

As I concentrate a bit more, I'm starting to hear the sound of a battle, but I can't tell exactly who's winning, or just how many guards are now fighting Peter and Albert. What I can tell, however is that the sounds are getting slightly louder with each second. They are getting closer to us. Does this mean that the waiting room will turn into a battlefield soon? What about the evacuation? What will the king of the underground do about all the civilians who will be caught in the line of fire?

Damn it, I shouldn't be wasting time thinking about all of this. What I need to do is figure out a way to save Leila's father. I'm sure the rebels will handle themselves just fine.


[15] 

While Leila is calming down, I try to focus on the sounds coming from the tunnel leading to the teleporter room. Where are the royal guards right now? Are they going to attack us from that direction, or will they be coming from above, like Peter said? Were the trainees only chasing after Peter to silence him or will they also be arriving here afterwards?

As I stand there and listen to the sounds from the tunnel, I suddenly hear a faint echo of Gontrok's voice, who appears to still be talking to the teleporter guy through his transceiver.

"I don't want to hear your excuses!" Gontrok says. "I told you to teleport her now!"

"But she is not calm enough!" the teleporter guy says. "Her aura is all over the place, and if I try to teleport her now, who knows where she'll end up--"

"We need her as a hostage, do you understand?!" Gontrok shouts. "If we want her lessathi father to do as we say, we need to have her safely locked up in the castle's dungeon! You already have the coordinates for the prison cell. Now do what you have to do!"


[16] While Leila is calming down, I decide that the first thing I need to do is to call my friends and let them know what happened. As I take out my transceiver and begin turning the dial to change the frequency number, my trembling hands cause me to turn the dial too hard twice in a row, before I finally get the correct number. It looks like I shouldn't really be the one giving advice about being calm. I'm plenty nervous myself.

"Daren, are you there?" I say into the transceiver after I tap it.

"Yeah, I'm here with the healers," Daren says. "What's wrong?"

"I don't have a lot of time to explain, so listen up," I say. "Apparently Barry Thundercloud from the teleporter room betrayed us, and he teleported a lot of guards in the caverns right above us. They are going to blow up the ceiling so that it falls on top of us. Also, Leila's father got kidnapped and he is being held by the king in one of the seredium towers. Come quick to the waiting room. I'll try telling the others to assemble here as well."


[17] "Watch out!" I tell Leila, as I pull her by the hand and drag her away from the falling boulders.

"Phew!" I say, after we escape unharmed. "That was a close one--"

Before I get to finish my sentence, it is now Leila's turn to pull me by the arm, saving me from a second cluster of falling rocks that had just now broken off from the ceiling. Shortly after this, we begin to hear explosions in several more places above us, as the ceiling is now beginning to collapse in various parts of the underground tunnels. As Leila is still holding onto me, a white light envelops the both of us, and our bodies begin to vibrate as we are being teleported away from the rebel base.


[18] Chapter 7 of book 3 is now available. Press on the button below to proceed.

