
[1] 

[2] "Only if you're ready to talk about it," Daren tells him.

"Yeah..." Hadrik says, as he looks to the side for a second. "Yeah, I think I'm ready."

"Oh, so you're finally going to tell them about your ritual with the dwarf village and the boulders?" Arraka says, all of a sudden. "It's about damn time, if you ask me. Keeping your little secret was really starting to become more trouble than it was worth."

"You knew?..." Hadrik asks her, dumbfounded.

"Of course I knew!" Arraka says. "Did you seriously think that I would skip your ritual, of all people? Your trial was obviously the first one I visited. Just so you know, that's two beers you owe me now, dwarf. One for saving you from the ogre captain that one time, and another one for not spilling the beans about Gontrok and the dwarven village. The next time I get out of this amulet, I'm expecting you to pay up."

"Aye," Hadrik says, with half a grin. "I'll be sure to save up a few dwarven ale bottles for the occasion!"

He pauses.

"Ahem," Hadrik coughs nervously, as he turns towards the rest of us. "So, where should I begin?... Do you guys remember that one time when I mentioned off-handedly that I was kind of the black sheep of my family?"

"Yes, I remember!" Flower says. "You said that the reasons why your family didn't like you had nothing to do with your size!"


[3] "Well, as you can imagine, when I came back to our camp after this event, I was absolutely devastated," Hadrik says. "The very first thing I tried to do was to go to my camp leader in order to turn myself in, along with my friends, for the war crimes we've committed. The leader pretty much laughed in my face, telling me that our war crime rules only applied for wars with other clans of giants, not for our ongoing war with the dwarves. He also told me that those children would have probably grown up to become soldiers later anyway, so it was better to take them out while they were still young. That was the first time when I realized how differently our people would treat the concept of honor when it came to races other than giants. Obviously, I couldn't just let this go, and I tried to get justice for those dead dwarves through every means at my disposal. The other giants thought I was joking at first, but when they understood that I was being serious, they began to treat me a lot more coldly, calling me a dwarf sympathizer, and saying that I no longer had the right to call myself a warrior after taking the side of our enemy."

"Is that why Gontrok said your parents think you've lost your honor?" Daren asks.


[4] When Hadrik finishes his story, I realize that at some point we'd all stopped moving, and we were just standing in a circle around Hadrik, listening closely to what he had to say.

"Hadrik," Daren says, as he puts his hand on his shoulder. "Could you do me a favor and pour us two glasses of dwarven ale? Two smaller glasses, I mean. Like the ones you used for Flower's birthday. I don't want to get too drunk to be able to concentrate on my healing spells." 

"Did you just offer to drink with me... during the day?!" Hadrik asks, seemingly in a state of complete shock. "But you never drink during the day!"


[5] After walking through the tunnel for a while, we eventually reach the waiting room, where Daren splits off from us and goes to enter the quarantine area once again. As we wait for Daren to heal all the sick people, Kate goes to continue her training with Melindra in one of the empty corridors, while Hadrik and Flower also go to do their own separate trainings in other emptier areas of the rebel base.

"I think I'm going to pay my father a quick visit to see how he's doing," Leila writes to me. "Wanna come?"

"Sure," I say. "Lead the way!"

We both make our way into one of the tunnels leading out of the waiting room, and then we begin heading towards doctor Reidzek's workshop at a relaxed pace.  As we walk, I see Leila's blue letters floating in front of me, moving at the same speed as us so that I can read them clearly.

"The two of us walking alone together through this underground tunnel brings back memories, doesn't it?" Leila writes, with a smile. "It almost feels like we're back underneath our division area in Thilias, trying to sabotage the arena event!"


[6] After walking through the tunnel for a while, we eventually reach the waiting room, where Daren splits off from us and goes to enter the quarantine area once again, together with Kelrim. As we wait for Daren to heal all the sick people, Kate goes to continue her training with Melindra in one of the empty corridors, while Hadrik and Flower also go to do their own separate trainings in other emptier areas of the rebel base.

"I think I'm going to pay my father a quick visit to see how he's doing," Leila writes to me. "Wanna come?"

"Sure," I say. "Lead the way!"

We both make our way into one of the tunnels leading out of the waiting room, and then we begin heading towards doctor Reidzek's workshop at a relaxed pace.  As we walk, I see Leila's blue letters floating in front of me, moving at the same speed as us so that I can read them clearly.

"The two of us walking alone together through this underground tunnel brings back memories, doesn't it?" Leila writes, with a smile. "It almost feels like we're back underneath our division area in Thilias, trying to sabotage the arena event!"


[7] By the time I am done telling Leila my story, we finally reach doctor Reidzek's door, and we knock on it several times to let him know we're here. Seeing that he does not answer even after I call out to him, we conclude that he must not be in his workshop right now and we decide to wait for him here.

As we wait, Leila and I seat ourselves on the ground, with our backs against the door and we begin to exchange stories about our lives before the tournament. Leila tells me about her life with her father after she left the beacon, and I tell her about various things that I've seen while travelling through the Western Continent. 

For some reason, talking with Leila like this feels really natural, as if we've known each other for a long time, and now we're just catching up with what the other's been doing since the last time we talked. Our conversation flows effortlessly from one topic to the next, making us lose track of time as we both become more and more relaxed. 

"It's been a while since we've had the chance to just talk and unwind like this, hasn't it?" Leila writes, as she lazily stretches her arms over her head. "Lately, it seems like all we've been doing during our free time is training and more training. The only moments when we actually get to loosen up somewhat are our night shifts."


[8] We both get up and begin walking down the same corridor again, heading back to where we originally came from. As we walk, I can't help but notice that Leila is looking slightly anxious.

"Do you think my father is okay?..." she writes to me after a while.

"Hey, I'm sure he's fine!" I tell her. "Knowing him, he probably went to fix some device that's too big to move back into his workshop, and that's why he hasn't come back yet."

"Yeah," Leila writes, looking as if she were trying to convince herself that everything is indeed fine. "Yeah... that's probably what happened."

After a few more minutes, we finally reach the waiting room and we start asking the people there if they saw doctor Reidzek passing by, but none of them seem to have come across him lately. As we are interrogating all of the people standing around, we see Albert approaching us, who appears to have come from the direction of the throne room.

"Doctor Reidzek?..." Albert says, after we ask him the same question that we asked everyone else in the room. "I think he went to teach our younger white mages how to use his healing devices a few hours ago... Oh, and after that he got a call from Barry to go help him do some regular maintenance on the teleporting device. That was more than an hour ago, though. He hasn't come back since?"

"No," Leila writes. "We've been waiting for him this whole time in front of his workshop, but he hasn't returned."


[9] "Desmond, I'm... I'm so sorry," Daren says, with his head bowed down. "There is no way for me to save your brother. His sickness is just too severe at this point. If I had gotten here a few days earlier, he may have still had a chance, but with the way things are now it's just-- he is too-- I'm sorry..."

"It's alright," Desmond says, in a resigned tone. "You don't need to beat yourself up over it. I'm sure you've done all you could. What about the others? Is there any chance that any of them will recover?"

"Half of them are already cured, including myself," Daren says. "As for the other half, it is still difficult to say. This treatment works best if you catch the disease in its early stages, but if you catch it too late, the chances of survival decrease drastically. The ones in critical condition will not make it, but the ones whose symptoms are only somewhat severe may still have a chance. We will have to wait for a bit longer until we can draw some definitive conclusions."

"Even if it's only half of them, this is still much more than we could have hoped for," Desmond says. "Until today, anyone who went through that door was considered to be a dead man. Now it's possible that we might not even need to send people into quarantine anymore. You should be proud of what you've accomplished here, healer. Maybe my brother won't make it, but many families will now get to see their loved ones again after they thought them to be dead. I should be the one apologizing for having misjudged you. We are all in your debt."


[10] "Desmond, I wanted to tell you that your brother is no longer in any danger of dying from the disease," Daren says. "It will still take him a while to fully recover, because his condition was very severe, but if all goes well, you should be able to meet him again in a week or two."

"Are you serious?..." Desmond asks Daren, looking as if he's still struggling to make sense of what he just heard. "No, it can't be! This has to be a mistake! My brother was way beyond saving at this point! How can you be so sure that it was really him and not somebody else?"

"Because I was told by two separate nurses that he is the brother of the man named Desmond who is guarding the door," Daren says. "You're not going to tell me that there are two separate Desmonds guarding this same door, are you?"

"No... it's just that I... I don't know what to say..." Desmond says, looking as if he's trying to not let his joy overwhelm him, on the off-chance that Daren is being too optimistic. "Thank you! I never thought you'd actually go through with it... I was so sure that you were just a hopeless dreamer like the rest of them! Not in my wildest dreams could I have imagined-- wait, what about the other people in the quarantine zone? How many of them did you manage to save?"


[11] "Albert, listen to me, there's no time!" Peter says. "Barry has been teleporting guards in the caverns directly above you for a whole hour! They're going to bring down the ceiling and trap you inside like rats any minute! You need to evacuate everyone, do you hear me? You need to-- ARGH--"

"Peter, what's happening over there?!" Albert says. "Peter?!"

"I'm being chased by some royal guard trainees," Peter says. "One of them just shot me with a projectile. Sorry, I need to close the transceiver, now. Good luck!"

"Damn it!" Albert shouts, as Peter closes his transceiver.

Albert then looks at a man in front of him, who seems to have heard the whole conversation and is just standing there, frozen.

"What are you standing there for?" Albert tells him. "You heard what Peter said. Go tell the king to evacuate everyone right now. I'm going to save Peter!"


[12] "Barry?..." Leila writes, when she sees me lost in my own thoughts. "I think I'm calmer now. Let's try calling the others so they can come help us."

"You're right," I say. "Daren should be the closest to us. I'll try calling him first."

I then take out my transceiver and begin turning the dial until I reach Daren's number. As I do this, I turn the dial too hard twice in a row, due to my hand trembling. It looks like I shouldn't really be the one giving advice about being calm. I'm plenty nervous myself.

Just as I'm about to tap on the transceiver, I hear a big explosion right above us and several rocks begin to fall from the ceiling.


[13] "I... I can't... I don't even have an open channel to her transceiver, so tracking her exact location is going to be-- just give me a minute!" the teleporter guy says.

"Leila," I say, after I hear the conversation between Gontrok and the teleporter guy. "I know that this is going to sound really stupid, but I need you to panic again."

"What?..." Leila writes, now looking completely confused.

"They're trying to teleport you away, but they can't do it if your aura is unstable, so you need to stay panicked," I say. "Does that make sense?"

"Umm, yes..." Leila writes. "Yes, I think I can--"

All of a sudden, while Leila is still writing, I hear a big explosion right above us and several rocks begin to fall from the ceiling.


[14] "Okay," Daren says, without asking me any questions. "You call Kate and Flower. I'll call Hadrik. It will be faster this way."

"Right," I say. "Thanks. I'll talk to you later."

I then call Kate and give her the same summary, trying to speak as fast as I can so that I don't waste any time. Just as I'm about to call Flower as well, I hear a big explosion right above us and several rocks begin to fall from the ceiling.


[15] Once we are transported to our new destination, I take a quick look around us and I immediately recognize the place as being the same underground tunnel in which we've been teleported by mistake when we were trying to flee from the black-robed royal guard yesterday. Why are we here again?... Is this supposed to be the default place where the teleporter sends you if it can't get you to your proper destination?

I don't get to think about this too much, because just like the last time when our teleportation went wrong, a very strong headache takes over me which makes it difficult to even stay awake. I soon drop to the ground while trying hard to suppress the pain from my head, and just as I'm about to lose my consciousness, I see some large blue letters floating in front of my eyes.

"Barry, can you read this? Please answer me! Barry!"

Leila's words are the last thing that I get to see before I finally give in to the headache and faint on the cold cave floor.


[16] Once we are transported to our new destination, I take a quick look around us and I immediately recognize the place as being the same underground tunnel in which we've been teleported by mistake when we were trying to flee from the black-robed royal guard yesterday. Why are we here again?... Is this supposed to be the default place where the teleporter sends you if it can't get you to your proper destination? And why did they teleport just the two of us away instead of trying to kill us there, in the rebel base, along with everyone else?

I don't get to think about this too much, because just like the last time when our teleportation went wrong, a very strong headache takes over me which makes it difficult to even stay awake. I soon drop to the ground while trying hard to suppress the pain from my head, and just as I'm about to lose my consciousness, I see some large blue letters floating in front of my eyes.

"Barry, can you read this? Please answer me! Barry!"

Leila's words are the last thing that I get to see before I finally give in to the headache and faint on the cold cave floor.


[17] 