
[1] 

[2] Fearing that Hadrik might try to attack her ally, Diane attempts to stand up as well, but Meridith puts her arm in front of her and stops her before she can get up on her feet.

"You and the rest of your lessathi underlings might be fine with using such underhanded tactics to defeat your enemies, but I will have no part in this," Hadrik says. "Find someone else to do your dirty work!"

He then turns away from us and storms out of the room, without looking back once.

"Hadrik! Hey, Hadrik, wait up!" Daren shouts, but he gets no response.

"I think I'd better go after him," Daren says, this time turning to Meridith. "The last thing we want is for him to get in some conflict with a lessathi from one of your opposing factions while he's still pissed off. I'll try to bring him back, if I can."

"There is no need," Meridith says, as she still seems to be collecting her thoughts after what just happened. "We will resume this meeting at a later time. I'm sure that you all have a lot to think about."

"Alright," Daren says. "We'll see you again later, then. Let me see if I can catch up to Hadrik in the meantime."


[3] She then leaves the room, together with Illuna, and then Meridith waits for a short while, to make sure that the others are no longer within hearing range of us, before she speaks again.

"I have a question for the two of you," Meridith says. "What would you say is your group's opinion on Eiden, exactly? Do your friends consider him a friend or a foe?"

"Isn't this maybe something that you should have considered asking before telling us to kill him?..." Kate says, confused.

"You're right," Meridith says. "I should have asked you this before, but I suppose that I never really considered the possibility that anyone could take that mass-murderer's side, except for maybe Melindra, who has known him for a very long time. However, your dwarf friend's reaction to my request has made me reconsider my position. Aside from his talk about honor, I felt that Hadrik might have a slight reluctance about killing Eiden, and I'm not sure if I understand why. Perhaps the two of you could enlighten me?"


[4] "What do you mean?" I ask her. "What kind of deal are you talking about?"

"The thing that I want the most from your group right now is for you to continue to participate in the mage tournament," Meridith says. "That way, at least I'll know that you'll still be here, in Varathia when we enact our plan. If you all agree to continue doing the tournament objectives so that the kings don't kick you out of the continent, then I will personally guarantee you access to our Magium node, as long as our plan works perfectly, and we manage to kill Eiden without your help. However, on the off-chance that Eiden survives, then you will have to decide for yourselves whether you are willing to kill him or not. In this scenario, you would obviously only gain access to the Magium node if you joined our side and killed Eiden, but for your safety, I won't ask you to make this decision until the very last moment. This way, even if Eiden were to ask you very specific questions about your meeting with me, you could answer him truthfully, without turning him into your enemy."

"Are you sure that you are okay with offering us such a deal?..." Kate says. "It honestly doesn't feel like you are getting a lot out of it."

"It does not cost me much to give your group access to our Magium node, but it will cost me everything if our plan to kill Eiden fails," Meridith says. "If making this offer to you raises our odds of success against Eiden by even the tiniest bit, then the deal is worth it for me." 


[5] "First of all, your understanding of how the stat boosters work is slightly incorrect," Meridith says. "While it is true that some of these stats are augmenting abilities that you already possess, such as your hearing, strength and speed, not all of your twelve stats work in the same way, as I'm sure you've already noticed. For example, the ancient languages and combat technique stats make it possible for you to access large amounts of information through your aura, but the amount of knowledge made available to you is limited by your current level in that stat, as a safety precaution so that your brain doesn't get overloaded by accident. Even though it may seem to you like the information is present in your head, you are in fact only accessing it by linking your aura to that of the stat device. This is also why you lose access to all of the information when the stat device is no longer connected to your aura."

"Oh, I think I get it now," I say. "So, what you're saying is that the only thing that these stats have in common is the energy source, but the way they work is in fact different for each stat. If I were to guess, I'd say that the stats which increase my physical attributes based on my own abilities are based on the ability enhancing spells that are already being used by generalists to augment their hearing, focus, reflexes, and so on, right?"


[6] "You can rest assured that your current points will not be affected by this change," Meridith says. "Once the energy stored in the device gets turned into points, it can only be used by your regular stats, and the magical stats will no longer have any access to that energy. However, while I am certain that you will still be receiving points in the future, the rate at which they will be given to you may become slower than before."

"Well, it can't be worse than it was in Ollendor, right?" I say. "I didn't get any points at all while I was in that city."

"Yes," Meridith says, "as long as you won't be in a city, you can still expect to get a reasonable amount of points to level up your other stats. We put the majority of our energy extractors near the cities of Varathia, because that was where we assumed most of the contestants would gather, initially. It was only after the kings told us that they wouldn't enforce a rule to prevent the tournament participants from killing each other that we started using teams of lessathi with mobile energy extractors to gather as much energy as we could from the mages scattered throughout the woods of Varathia. Diane was in fact busy escorting one such team when you first encountered her."


[7] "The energy collected from the tournament participants is not being used to cast spells," Meridith says. "It is only used to level up the stats. The magical stats are made in such a way that they give Barry the ability to draw energy from the magical plane by himself to cast his spells, similarly to how all other mages do it. This is the main reason why pure lessathi were never able to use these stats. Since our auras are completely devoid of any magic whatsoever, it is impossible for us to cast spells in the same way as regular mages, no matter how well we construct our devices."

"If the device allows me to draw energy from the magical plane," I say, "then could it be possible for me to feed the device energy by myself instead of relying on what the stat booster extracts from other mages around me? I know for a fact that there are certain tools which can help mages power up devices with magical energy. I've seen them used before!"

"Feeding energy directly into the device is very inefficient and wasteful," Meridith says. "If the magical energy is not properly extracted from the auras of other mages, then it will be expended by the device far too fast to be of any real use to you in the long term. You should already know this, since you told me that you've used Emergency Mode in the past. Come to think of it... I never did ask you how exactly you managed to activate this mode before. I can think of very few situations in which the Emergency Mode would activate by itself, and none of them seem very likely. Did you perhaps find some way to activate it manually?"


[8] "No," Meridith says. "As soon as he realizes what you are doing, Eiden will likely only need a few seconds to block your stat booster's ability to absorb his energy, and then you will never be able to use this method against him again. However, since this is a very obscure feature of the device, I highly doubt that Eiden knows about it, so at the very least it should take him by surprise. You likely won't be getting much of a boost to your levels, and you won't have time to cast more than one or two spells, but even so, having such an ace up your sleeve could still mean the difference between life and death, if you ever need to fight Eiden head on."

"Hmm..." I say. "You might be right. I suppose it's good to have something like this as a last resort, for the worst case scenario. Thanks for letting me know about this!"

"You're welcome," Meridith says.

"Do you have any idea if there are other ways in which we could activate this Emergency Mode on command?" Kate says. "Like for example, if we all tried to transfer our magical energy into the device at the same time, could that perhaps trigger it?" 


[9] "Do you have any idea if there are other ways in which we could activate this Emergency Mode on command?" Kate says. "Like for example, if we all tried to transfer our magical energy into the device at the same time, could that perhaps trigger it?" 


[10] "So, the only method for us to access the information contained in the Magium is to use your tools, then?" Kate asks. "There is no other way?"

"There are other ways, of course, but I wouldn't recommend them," Meridith says. "You could, for example link your aura directly to the node, in order to enter the Magium realm. This would grant you a far more direct way to extract the knowledge that you want, but it would also be much more risky. One small mistake, and you could get lost in the Magium realm forever, with no way to get back to our world. Meanwhile, from our point of view, you would be stuck in a trance with yellow glowing eyes for the rest of your life, until you'd finally die of thirst or starvation."

Linking your aura directly to the Magium, huh?... I'm pretty sure that this is the technique which Arraka used when we went to the Magium's realm to watch everyone's trials during the God of Time's ritual. I wonder if I could learn how to do that in the future... 

"But what if you were to touch the node for a longer period of time?" Kate asks. "Do you know what would happen then?"


[11] "There's no need to think about it too much," Kate says. "This is how Barry has always been. From what I've seen of him so far, and from what I've heard of his past, he likes to constantly throw himself into situations where a mere split-second decision could lead to his death, or worse. Statistically speaking, it would be impossible for him to have survived for so long relying only upon luck, so the only logical conclusion I can draw from this is that he must have developed some sort of superhuman ability to almost always make the right decision in conditions of extreme stress. I say 'almost always', because there have also been situations where these decisions of his didn't exactly work out, so in the end he had to be saved by dumb luck."

"I see..." Meridith says.

"So, do any of you have any idea which way your friends might have gone?"  Diane asks us. "The seredium walls are making it pretty much impossible for us to detect their auras."


[12] "I... suppose not," Meridith says.

"Hey, I did decide not to touch it in the end!" I say. "Even I have my limits. At the end of the day, it seems like I made the right decision."

"So, do any of you have any idea which way your friends might have gone?"  Diane asks us. "The seredium walls are making it pretty much impossible for us to detect their auras."


[13] "My friend, you have good taste!" Hadrik says. "There's a very subtle difference, but this particular ale does indeed have a higher quality than the others. Hey, this gives me an idea! I'll give you three bottles of dwarven ale to taste, and if you can correctly identify which one is the most expensive, I'll let you keep all three, free of charge! How does that sound?"

"Bring it on, dwarf," the lessathi says. "If there's one thing I'm fully confident in, it's my ability to recognize good alcohol."

"Hah!" Hadrik says. "I was hoping you'd say that!"

Huh... I guess I was wrong about the direction in which Hadrik went. From what I just heard, it sounded like he was somewhere in the Heksol faction area. 

As I look around me, I see that nobody is reacting in any way, which means that I must be the only one who was able to hear Hadrik, thanks to my hearing stat. Maybe I should tell the others about this?


[14] "I already told you that there may or may not have been a dwarf passing through here, and that you're not going to get more information than that out of me," the guard says. "It is not my duty to inform you of all the people who cross through the tunnel. However, if there was such a dwarf, then clearly he must have had his paperwork in order, because otherwise he would have been stuck here with the rest of you fine folk. Now, then, are you going to show me your entry papers, or am I going to have to escort you all to our nice and warm prison cells?"

"What part of us being Meridith's guests did you not understand?!" Daren says. "How do you even think we could have gotten in here, if not by using her teleporter?"

"Lady Meridith is not the only one with access to the teleporter," the guard says. "There have been other attempts to smuggle immigrants from the surface without requesting proper permissions from the authorities in the past, and they all had stories similar to yours."

"Then why don't you ask her yourself, smart-ass?" Daren says. "She only just entered the tunnel!"

"Lady Meridith!" the guard says, as he takes a courteous bow. "I did not know that you'd be visiting the Creator today. I will be with you in a moment. I was just dealing with these lying trespassers who are claiming that--"

"Yes, yes, I've heard you talking to them," Meridith says. "They are not liars. They are indeed my guests, and the same goes for the dwarf. Tell me, did you actually see the dwarf they were asking about, or did he in fact not come this way at all?"


[15] "We really don't have time for this..." Meridith says. "For all we know, your dwarf friend could have already gotten in a drunken brawl with some of the lessathi from the Heksol faction, and if I'm not there to stop it, who knows what--"

"I'm sure Hadrik is fine," I tell her, as Melindra comes closer and also starts examining the wall. "What do you say, Melindra? Are you noticing anything peculiar?"

"You're definitely right that this place was lessathi-made, by the looks of it," Melindra says, "but I'm not so sure about the puzzle piece. At the very least, I'm not noticing any obvious mechanism that could cause the wall to open. Flower, what do you think?"

"Well, there are a few secret knock codes that I've used in other ruins in the past to open secret corridors before," Flower says. "I could try some of those."

"You can't be serious..." Meridith says. "This is going to take forever!"

"No, no, it will be really quick, watch!" Flower says, and then she starts knocking on the wall several times, with some pauses in-between the knocks, to see if there's any reaction. "Okay, that was two of the codes. Three more to go!"


[16] "Yes, well at least he had a death worthy of a dwarf," the Heksol faction guard says. "He picked a fight with the wrong people while he was dead drunk, and he got stabbed in the chest. The way I heard it, he managed to take four of them down with him too, before he croaked. He always used to tell me that a drunken brawl would be the best possible way for him to leave this world, so I guess he finally got his wish."

"Hey, would you look at that..." Hadrik says, with a grin, as we turn the corner and get a direct line of sight towards the dwarf and his new friend. "If it isn't the big boss herself! Well, what are you just standing there, for? Come here. Sit with us. Have a drink!"

Taking a good look around Hadrik and the lessathi guard, I see that they are surrounded by dwarven ale bottles, of which a few have already been emptied. It seems that they've been drinking for quite a while.

"I'm afraid that I'll have to refuse your offer," Meridith says. "I have a few important meetings to attend after this, which will require me to remain sober." 

"Is she always like this?" Hadrik asks the lessathi guard, as he pours him another glass of ale.

"All the time," the lessathi guard says, and then he takes a sip from his filled glass.

"Damn it, Hadrik," Daren says. "Do you have any idea how much trouble we went through while we were trying to find you? Some guard from the other tunnel wouldn't let us leave, and he even wanted to send us to their prison!"


[17] "My friend, you have good taste!" Hadrik says. "There's a very subtle difference, but this particular ale does indeed have a higher quality than the others. Hey, this gives me an idea! I'll give you three bottles of dwarven ale to taste, and if you can correctly identify which one is the most expensive, I'll let you keep all three, free of charge! How does that sound?"

"Bring it on, dwarf," the lessathi says. "If there's one thing I'm fully confident in, it's my ability to recognize good alcohol."

"Hah!" Hadrik says. "I was hoping you'd say that!"

As I look around me, I see that nobody is reacting in any way, which means that I must be the only one who was able to hear Hadrik, thanks to my hearing stat. 

Either way, it sounded like Hadrik did in fact go to the Heksol faction area, just like I thought, so at least now I know that we're headed in the right direction.

We keep walking for a little while until we reach the path split, and then we head through the tunnel on the right, which apparently seems to be leading towards the Heksol faction's territory, according to the markings on the walls.

A few minutes later, we suddenly hear Hadrik's loud laughter, as he seems to have just finished the drinking contest that he was talking about earlier.

"You've beaten me fair and square!" Hadrik says, loudly. "Here is your reward! You've most certainly earned it!"


[18] "You've beaten me fair and square!" Hadrik says, loudly. "Here is your reward! You've most certainly earned it!"


[19] "Spare me your sarcasm, Kleykarth," Meridith says. "I only came here because I was worried that my dwarf guest might get into a fight with someone from your faction. It seems, however, that my concern was unwarranted."

"From what I heard, the dwarf would have had much more of a reason to pick a fight with you than with us, 'lady' Meridith," Kleykarth says. "In fact, he had quite a few choice words to say about you after his first few glasses of ale. Would you like to hear some of them?"

"I would be quite interested, yes..." Meridith says, while giving Hadrik a cursory glance.

"Now, now, that won't be necessary!" Hadrik says, as he puts a hand on the lessathi guard's shoulder.

"Hahahah!" Kleykarth laughs. "I was just messing with you, dwarf. There's no need for you to panic. Your secrets are safe with me!"


[20] "You say that you want us to tell you about the insults," Kleykarth says, "but you weren't that far away from us when the dwarf said them. Surely you must have heard at least some of the words?"

"Unfortunately, I was in a trance at the time, so I couldn't hear anything of what you two were saying," says the man with the boot on his head. "My apologies, good sir!"

"A trance?..." Hadrik asks, confused. "What are you, some kind of a shaman, or something?"

"No, no, nothing of the sort," says the man with the boot on his head. "I was simply trying to get in the right state of mind to communicate with our Creator. He speaks to me, from time to time... Although, admittedly, it has become harder lately to separate his actual words spoken to me from my own delusions."

"Don't try to take him too seriously,"Kleykarth tells Hadrik. "The poor guy's gone mad ever since he touched the Magium node a few months ago. He's been pretty much speaking in riddles ever since."


[21] "Oh, right," Meridith says, "I do remember hearing a long time ago that Biliborrathrathsarran had reactivated some highly intelligent machine built by the lessathi of old, but I didn't know all the details. Unfortunately, we haven't really been getting a lot of information from inside Ollendor these past few years, since it has been much too dangerous to keep any spies inside that city. But how would a machine be able to transfer its consciousness into the crystals? Does it even have a consciousness to begin with?"

"From what we've been told," Kate says, "the lessathi who built the Overseer also created a manufactured soul for him, in order to give him free will. However, the reason why he is able to navigate through these crystals is because he was controlled by the Magium for a brief period of time, and he has managed to retain some of the knowledge that he had access to during those few minutes."

"The Overseer came into contact with the Creator?" Meridith says. "Fascinating..."

"Hey, you there, in the blue crystal!" Diane says, while looking at the ceiling. "If this question isn't too vague for you, would you mind telling us for how long you've been spying on us?"

"The crystals alerted me as soon as your guests were teleported to the underground, which is also when I began to follow you," the Overseer says.

"You've been following us since we came back from the surface?!" Diane says, shocked. "So... you've also been listening to our private conversation in the meeting room?"


[22] "The Overseer protocol accepts your proposition," the Overseer says. "I must admit that I was also curious to know more about you ever since you managed to detect me through the crystals. We will arrange for a private meeting at a later date, so that we can discuss this at length."

"If you think we're just going to let you two hold a private conversation about the Magium, then you might be far less intelligent than I initially thought," Meridith tells the Overseer.

"Processing... Processing..." the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol is detecting an unnecessary amount of hostility coming from the lessathi leader named Meridith. After a quick analysis, it seems highly probable that this unprovoked aggressiveness of hers is partially caused by a feeling of inferiority towards me."

"What?..." Meridith says, baffled.

"Furthermore," the Overseer says, "it appears that her needlessly antagonistic behavior towards me can also be seen as an indirect result of her ever-growing frustrations, which are being caused by her inability to unite all of her people under one banner, and her overall incompetence as a leader."


[23] "Understood," Meridith says. "Then I suppose I will have no choice but to have another conversation with your faction's leader, regarding this whole Overseer situation. I can only hope that he will be more inclined to see reason than you are."

"Don't worry, I'm planning to have a talk with him about this too," Kleykarth says. "I'm sure that he will be more than happy to welcome the Overseer with open arms, once he hears that he is a fellow Meridith hater. Oh, and I can put in a good word for you too, dwarf, if you want to join us. I don't think you'd have any trouble fitting in."

"Hey, I really appreciate the offer, buddy," Hadrik says, "but I don't think I'll be spending enough time here to actually visit your part of the base. Maybe next time, eh?"

"Well, I'll have to meet our leader today anyway, so I'll probably mention you to him regardless," Kleykarth says. "That way at least, the paperwork will be done by the time you ever decide to visit us again. That okay with you?"

"Sure!" Hadrik says, as he drinks some more ale. "Sounds good to me!"

"The Overseer protocol would like to speak to your faction leader as well," the Overseer says. "Would it be acceptable for me to join you when you meet him later?"

"Of course, of course," Kleykarth says. "Make yourself at home. You will find that we are a very welcoming people, much unlike Meridith and her stooges."


[24] "Lady Meridith, I apologize if you feel that I've betrayed your trust," Uverg says, in a humble voice. "Please believe me when I say that this was never my intention. Whether I am to meet the Overseer or not, it should be clear by now that he will be welcomed into the Heksol faction, and then any information that he might divulge will never reach your ears. However, if I befriend him and get him to tell me some of his secrets, I am more than willing to share my findings with you afterwards. While this may not be the ideal scenario that you had in mind, it is still better than the alternative. Whether you like it or not, the Overseer will infiltrate our base, and he will gain access to the Magium node. However, if we do not outright turn him into our enemy, our relationship with him could potentially become 'mutually beneficial', like he said. Of course, this will all depend on you..."

"So, you're saying that there is truly no way to stop him?" Meridith says. "Do you not see any way in which we could close his connection to the crystals, or--"


[25] "Yes, I've also had the same suspicion, but I wasn't quite sure of it," Meridith says. "Accessing the node can be done by simply linking his aura to it, so it wouldn't require him to have any offensive capabilities. We should probably not completely dismiss the possibility that he could have some sort of hidden attack up his sleeve, but for the moment we will go with the assumption that he isn't able to cast any spells while he is inside the crystals."

"I think the most important thing to keep in mind when dealing with the Overseer is to never underestimate him," Daren says. "He likes to act dumb a lot of the times, but he is much smarter than he looks."

"Yes, I've noticed that," Meridith says. "In the short amount of time that he's been here, he somehow managed to obtain an audience with the leader of my opposing faction just by saying a few words, so naturally, I'm planning to be very wary of him in the future. You can rest assured that the last thing I'm planning to do is underestimate him."

"While I do understand that it is important to be ready for anything," Uverg says, "have you considered the option of an open alliance with the Overseer? The information that he could share with us might prove to be extremely valuable..."

"This 'Overseer' has clearly been antagonizing me from the very beginning, in the hopes of gaining the sympathy of the Heksol faction," Meridith says. "If he had any intention of maintaining a peaceful relationship with me, he would not have behaved like this."


[26] "Yes, I've also had the same suspicion, but I wasn't quite sure of it," Meridith says. "Accessing the node can be done by simply linking his aura to it, so it wouldn't require him to have any offensive capabilities. We should probably not completely dismiss the possibility that he could have some sort of hidden attack up his sleeve, but for the moment we will go with the assumption that he isn't able to cast any spells while he is inside the crystals."

"While I do understand that it is important to be ready for anything," Uverg says, "have you considered the option of an open alliance with the Overseer? The information that he could share with us might prove to be extremely valuable..."

"This 'Overseer' has clearly been antagonizing me from the very beginning, in the hopes of gaining the sympathy of the Heksol faction," Meridith says. "If he had any intention of maintaining a peaceful relationship with me, he would not have behaved like this."


[27] "Oh yeah," Hadrik says, as he now turns to the rest of us. "She totally killed him."

We walk together for a few minutes, until we get back to the place where the two tunnels intersected. During this time, pretty much the only person that talked was Uverg, who made sure to give Meridith the most detailed and boring analysis about the crystals that anyone could have come up with. I couldn't understand half of the words that he used in his report, and I've studied all aspects of magic quite extensively. I wonder just how much Meridith was able to understand from all of this.


[28] "Oh yeah," Hadrik says, as he now turns to the rest of us. "She totally killed him."

We walk together for a few minutes, until we get back to the place where the two tunnels intersected. During this time, pretty much the only person that talked was Uverg, who made sure to give Meridith the most detailed and boring analysis about the crystals that anyone could have come up with. I couldn't understand half of the words that he used in his report, and I've studied all aspects of magic quite extensively. I wonder just how much Meridith was able to understand from all of this.

When we reached the entrance of the tunnel, we came upon Daren, Melindra, Flower and Illuna, who were just returning from the corridor leading to the lessathi base's main quarters, while seemingly in the middle of an argument with a lessathi guard, because he wouldn't believe them that they were official guests of Meridith and not just some unwelcome intruders. It looks like Daren and the others went in search of Hadrik through the wrong corridor, and they had been stuck arguing with this guard ever since.

As soon as Meridith figures out what happened, she explains the situation to the guard, and he lets them go, so that they can come with us towards the Magium node again.


[29] "No," Meridith says. "This is news to me as well. Uverg, are you absolutely certain that this is indeed knowledge coming from the Magium and not just something that you're remembering from a dream?"

"I am quite certain, Lady Meridith," Uverg says. "Forgive me for not telling you about this sooner, but it sometimes gets difficult to remember what is supposed to be common knowledge, and what are obscure facts that the Magium has revealed to me alone, especially when it comes to events that happened so long ago."

"So... correct me if I'm wrong," Meridith says, "but are you claiming that the lessathi once used to be humans, and that something happened which caused us to lose all the magic in our auras?"

"Yes, although it wasn't something that happened overnight," Uverg says. "It is my understanding that the change between the auras of the two races was more subtle at first, and that it took several generations until the auras became so different that they could no longer be considered the same race, despite all of their other similarities."

"This would indeed explain why we look exactly the same as the humans, but I would have never thought--" Meridith says, as she takes a quick pause to rearrange the thoughts in her head. "There were no mentions of this in any of our ancient scripts. Why would our ancestors lie to us about this?"


[30] "I believe so," Uverg says. "Of course, it would be practically impossible to do a proper analysis after all this time has passed, but logically speaking, one would normally assume that it was the prolonged exposure to the awakened crystals that triggered these drastic changes in those people's auras. From the knowledge that the Magium has given me, it appears that the crystals awoke from their slumber after some sort of underground explosion that was triggered by accident. I think it took more than a hundred years for the crystals to go back to normal since then. If this is true, then I can only hope that the event we are experiencing now will not end up changing our auras even further."

"We can worry about that later," Meridith says. "You said that it took entire generations for these crystals to have any noticeable effect on our ancestors, so we should have enough time to figure things out."

"I suppose that is true," Uverg says.

"What I'm more worried about is whether these crystals could have any immediate effects that we are unaware of," Meridith says. "Did these memories of yours from the distant past tell you anything else that could be of use to us? For example, would you by any chance know of a way to put the crystals back to sleep?"

"I'm afraid not," Uverg says. "All I know is that by the time our ancestors managed to finally escape from these underground caverns, the crystals were already asleep. I don't think that our forefathers did anything special to make the crystals stop vibrating. My guess is that after a time, they simply stopped on their own."


[31] "Alright," Hadrik says. "Well, from what I've seen so far, you look like a pretty smart guy, and you don't seem all that crazy to me, so I was wondering what is the reason why you dress like that?"

"Oh, you mean why I'm not wearing dark blue robes like the rest of the lessathi in this place?" Uverg says. "Honestly, it's just a matter of personal preference. I've never really liked the 'uniform' that people wear around here, and Lady Meridith has been gracious enough to make an exception for me, and to allow me to wear a shirt and pants instead."

"Actually, I was more interested to know why you're wearing a boot on your head and socks on your hands," Hadrik says.

"Oh, that!" Uverg says. "This is actually a social experiment that I'm doing. You see, most people who touch the Magium node like I did end up becoming quite insane, so I thought I'd try to dress up like a madman, while still acting rationally, in order to see how many people can see past the appearances and realize that I have not in fact gone completely bonkers. From what I've seen so far, there are very few people aside from Meridith who treat me as a sane person. It is always interesting to see just how many people are willing to completely ignore my arguments, no matter how well-constructed or logical, just because of the way I dress. Truly, this is a fascinating look into the depths of the human psyche, wouldn't you agree?"

"Umm, sure," Hadrik says. "If that's what you enjoy doing, then who am I to judge?"


[32] For the next few minutes or so, Meridith tells Hadrik and the others about the deal that she offered me and Kate while we were still in the meeting room. During this whole time, Hadrik has done nothing other than to listen quietly, with a look of complete disbelief on his face. Once Meridith was done, Hadrik and the others didn't say anything for a while, as if they were still waiting for her to continue. Realizing that Meridith has nothing else to say, Hadrik finally breaks the silence, saying what everyone else was thinking.

"That's it?!" he says, in a loud voice. "All you want from us is to keep participating in the tournament and you'll let us use the node for free? And we don't even need to decide now if we want to fight Eiden or not? Yeah, I'm not buying it. Something smells fishy, here."

"As I've already said, you only get access to the Magium if our plan to kill Eiden succeeds without your intervention," Meridith says. "Otherwise, you will need to kill him yourselves, if you want to use the node."

"Yeah, but that still means that in this case you'd be giving it to us for free!" Hadrik says. "You expect me to believe that the Magium is of so little importance to you that you just hand it out to everyone you meet? I pretty much already told you that I'm not planning to help kill Eiden while he's weakened, because it would be dishonorable. This means that you have nothing to gain from me. You're saying that you'd still have no problem giving me access to the Magium under these conditions?"


[33] "Now that you mention it, I was wondering if this Magium node of yours would come with a user's manual or not," Daren says. "Because let's be fair, I doubt that most of us would know what to do even if we gained access to it."

"There's no need to worry about that," Meridith says. "We have devices that were built specifically for the purpose of gaining knowledge from the Magium, without the risk of you going mad. The process will be slow, and it may take many years to get the information that you want, depending on what you are looking for, but the potential is limitless. I've in fact brought such a device with me, so that I can demonstrate to you how it works. So, what do you say? Shall we give it a try?"

"Whoa, whoa, whoa..." Arraka says, all of a sudden, with a slight tremor in her voice. "You idiots are not seriously planning to go back in the Magium node room after everything that's happened, are you?"

"Why, Arraka, if I didn't know any better, I'd almost think that you were afraid of going back to the node," Hadrik says, with a grin.

"Shut your mouth, you undersized circus freak!!!" Arraka shouts. "I wasn't talking to you!"

"Hey, there's no need to resort to insults," Hadrik says, looking as if he were greatly enjoying this. "Fear is a completely natural emotion. You don't have to be ashamed of it."

"I swear, if you don't stop talking right now, I'm going to--" Arraka says, but she is interrupted by a few very loud beeps coming from my pocket.


[34] "Splendid," Meridith says, as she now taps the wall in front of her with her wand, so that it will open our way to the Magium node room.

We all make our way back inside the room with the big blue sphere, and as we get closer to it, Meridith pulls out a small device with a lot of varicolored buttons on it, which looks somewhat similar in design to my stat booster.

"This is what we call a 'Magium connector'," Meridith says, as she shows the device to all of us. "You will be using it to interact with the node. Since you are only beginners, I recommend simply pressing on the green button for now. The red button should only be used by people who have interacted with the Magium at least a few times before, as it can get disorienting for a beginner. The rest of the buttons have some more specific purposes that I'm not going to bother explaining right now, since we don't really have the time. Anyway, who wants to go first?"

"Me!" Daren says quickly, as he steps to the front. "I want to give it a try."

"Very well," Meridith says, as she hands him the device that she was holding. "Just make sure not to do this for more than a minute. Even with the device acting as a buffer between you and the Magium, it is still risky to spend more time than that for someone who has never done this before."

"What about the Magium fragment?" Illuna asks, all of a sudden.


[35] "Can I try it next?" I say.

"Yeah, sure thing, Barry," Daren says, and then he hands me the device. "I think you're going to love it."

"Let's see..." I say, as I get closer to the node and press the green button.

As soon as I do that, I immediately understand what Daren was talking about. I am still aware of the world around me, but at the same time I feel like my mind is connected to an endless library, full of books containing knowledge dating all the way back to the beginning of the universe. However, the access to them is clearly limited, and I don't think this is just because of me being inexperienced. In fact, it is far more likely that the limit has been placed by the designers of this device, in order to avoid traumatizing people who are still not ready to see the real thing.


[36] "Yeah, I'm alright," I say, as I stop myself from trembling. "Phew. That was quite a ride."

"I should have known that warnings would be pointless when it comes to you..." Meridith tells me, as she shakes her head in disapproval. "Well, at least I hope that you learned something from this."

"I did learn something, actually!" I say, and then I activate my air currents, which are now helping me stay afloat above the ground without any more stability issues, thanks to the knowledge I gained from the Magium. "Look, my air currents work properly now!"

"I was thinking more along the lines of you learning to listen to others when they warn you against doing something stupid, but I suppose this will have to do, for now," Meridith says. "Okay, who's going next?"

After me, Kate was the one who volunteered, and then Hadrik. Both of them seemed impressed with what they've seen, but you could easily tell from their reactions that unlike me and Daren, the two of them weren't all that interested in the Magium. Meridith also invited Melindra to try out the Magium connector, but she politely declined, since despite her recent interactions with Eiden, she still considered him to be her friend, so she didn't want anything to do with Meridith's deal to have him killed.

The last one to try out the device was Flower. Just as she was about to press the green button, Illuna's blue eyes suddenly started glowing, as she took control of the body.


[37] After me, Kate was the one who volunteered, and then Hadrik. Both of them seemed impressed with what they've seen, but you could easily tell from their reactions that unlike me and Daren, the two of them weren't all that interested in the Magium. Meridith also invited Melindra to try out the Magium connector, but she politely declined, since despite her recent interactions with Eiden, she still considered him to be her friend, so she didn't want anything to do with Meridith's deal to have him killed.

The last one to try out the device was Flower. Just as she was about to press the green button, Illuna's blue eyes suddenly started glowing, as she took control of the body.


[38] "You don't have to tell me twice," Hadrik says, as we all get out of the room and then tap on the wall to close it behind us.

"So, what do we do now?" Hadrik asks us, after a few seconds of awkward silence. "Do we just wait here, or do we go exploring?"

"I wouldn't recommend going exploring without Meridith," Diane says. "You guys may have gotten lucky the first time with the two guards, but there are other lessathi who may be looking for any excuse to start a fight with you, especially if they know about Meridith giving away the holy scepter of Heldenbusorag to Kate. It would be better if we waited here."


[39] "Creator, with all due respect, I think you might be underestimating Eiden," we hear Meridith's voice, coming from the crystal. "The message he sent us was very clear. He told us to 'remember the still winter'.  This is almost certainly his way of telling us that he knows exactly what we're trying to do, and that he is confident in his ability to stop us. I've also received reports that for the past few weeks, he has been teleporting all across the continent, preparing a powerful spell of his own. If we don't do something, we might lose our last chance to end him for good!"

"What do you suggest?" the Magium fragment says, in the voice of an old man.

"It might not be the ideal scenario, but if we were to accelerate our plan, we might be able to get everything ready in a few days and then--" Meridith says, but the Magium fragment interrupts her.

"No!" the Magium fragment says, loudly, this time in the voice of a young woman. "The plan must not be rushed, or it will surely fail. Do you understand?"

"...Yes, Creator," Meridith says, in a reluctant tone. "I understand."

"As you can see," the Overseer tells us, once the recording has ended, "Meridith in fact knows a lot more about Eiden's message than she would have you believe. My preliminary analysis also suggests that this 'plan' of hers may not affect only Eiden, as she seems to claim, although I am yet to find out all of the details."

"Diane, would you happen to know how exactly Meridith intends to deal with Eiden?" Kate says.


[40] "I'm sorry that it took so much time," Meridith tells us, as she closes the wall behind her. "The Creator had some important matters to discuss with me that could not be delayed any further. Anyway, I think I've held you all long enough. It's time for me to give you your pinecone detector, so you can be on your way."

"FINALLY!" Arraka says, in a loud voice. "I was starting to get really tired of this place."

"Did Diane have the time to give you the good news?" Meridith asks us, ignoring Arraka.

"You mean that she'll be coming with us to the sacred woods and to Galamir?" Kate says. "Yes, she told us."

"Splendid!" Meridith says. "Normally, I wouldn't have agreed, since her detour with you may delay her for a few days, but from what I've heard, the other diplomatic envoys will also be late, so there's not much point for Diane, of all people, to arrive there the earliest. Let's head towards the teleporter. I've hidden the pinecone detector inside a wall, somewhere on the way."

"Sorry if I'm being indiscrete, but diplomatic envoy for what?" Daren says, as we are heading back to the teleporter, together with Meridith. "What is Diane going there to do?"


[41] "No, it's not the capital, but you are correct in assuming that it's not just some regular kingdom," Meridith says. "Out of all the monarchs of Varathia, the king of Galamir is by far the one with the most influence over the other rulers from this continent. Whether it is by blackmail, by subtle manipulation or simply through diplomacy, this particular king has managed to bring many of the other kingdoms under his control, despite them being officially independent. On that note, you should be very careful how you behave while you are in Galamir. You were lucky that the last noble you killed happened to be from a kingdom that nobody cared about, but if you were to bring harm to any of the nobles in Galamir, you would almost certainly be kicked out of the tournament and teleported away from this continent in the very next minute, and I don't think any of us would want that."

"I see..." Daren says. "Thanks for the warning."

"I'm not sure if I should even bother asking at this point," Meridith says, "but is it safe to assume that Eiden was the one who gave you the ability to harm the locals of Varathia?"

"Yes," I answer her. "He did it right after we met the Earl of Ollendor in Thilias."


[42] "Of course," Daren says. "As we've agreed, you will have your answer when the time comes."

"That's all I wanted to hear," Meridith says. "In that case, I wish you all good luck on your journey. Oh, and take good care of Diane for me, will you? She is very important to me."

"We will," Kate says.

"Goodbye," Meridith tells us, and then she turns to leave.

"See you," Diane tells Meridith, as she enters a hidden tunnel and disappears from our sight.

"Okay, so there are no more secret corridors between here and the teleporter," Diane says, as she turns to us. "Just stick close to me and I'll lead you out of here."

About a minute or so later we finally reach the teleporter room, where the lessathi teleporting engineer from Heksol's faction was waiting for us. When he sees us arrive, he frowns, while taking a long look at the scepter in Kate's hand, but he decides to no longer comment about it and to address Diane instead.

"Where to?" the lessathi asks her, simply.


[43] "No, there's nothing you can do to help, aside from what you've already done," Melindra says. "I know I've been a little elusive about what happened to my brother, but one of the main reasons for that is because I'm not entirely sure myself of what has become of him, and I'd rather spend my time trying to find him than thinking about worst case scenarios. All I can tell you for certain is that he fell in with some very shady individuals a while back, who had him fooled that they had the best of intentions, and I've never heard from him since. Fortunately, I still have a few leads that could help me get to him, and with the item that I've retrieved from the late king of Ollendor, hopefully it shouldn't take me more than a few days to reach him."

"But then wouldn't it be quicker if more of us searched for him at the same time?" Kate asks her.

"I can travel much faster when I'm alone," Melindra says. "I can fly, remember? Look, there's no need for any of you to worry about me or my brother. You already have enough on your plates as it is. I promise that I'll let you all know as soon as I've found him."

"Fine," Kate says. "But you'd better be keeping your transceiver close to you at all times, because I'm planning to keep in touch with you, whether you like it or not."

"As a matter of fact, I would like that, icey," Melindra says, with a smile. "I would like that very much."


[44] "...Flower," Melindra says, "you do realize that when I said you could call me as often as you wanted, I didn't literally mean-- you know what? Never mind. I'm doing fine, Flower. How are you?"

"Doing great, thanks for asking!" Flower says, with a smile. "Talk to you later, bye!"

She then taps her transceiver again to close it and she turns towards us.

"Well?..." Flower says, when she realizes we were all staring at her. "What are you all waiting for? Let's go get those pinecones! On the double! Hup, two, three, four! Hup, two, three, four!"

Flower then starts doing one of her usual military marches as she pushes us all from behind, in order to hasten our pace. We barely get to march for a little more than a minute, however, because as we've come to expect by now, a certain stillwater with his eyes closed was already waiting for us on the road ahead, wearing his characteristic polite smile on his face.

"Hello again, my friends!" Eiden tells us, as we approach him. "Did you enjoy your trip to the lessathi headquarters? How is Meridith doing?"

When she saw Eiden, Diane was already beginning to charge up her electric powers, but Kate stopped her promptly, before she could do anything stupid.

"If you're looking for Melindra, you just missed her," Daren tells Eiden. "We all said goodbye to her, not even a minute ago."


[45] "Wait, wait, wait," Daren says. "We didn't agree to anything! She did make the offer to us, like you said, but she gave us time until the end of the tournament to answer her."

"Ah..." Eiden says. "A wise decision! Now that I think about it, I suppose it would have been foolish to immediately accept such an offer, knowing that I can easily tell if you're lying or not from your auras. Well, in that case, there's no rush. Take all the time that you need to consider your options. After all, there is only an entire continent's fate lying in the balance!"

"Continent?" I ask him. "Don't you mean island?"

"You know, Barry..." Eiden says, as he now turns to look at me with his closed eyes. "I'm beginning to think that the real reason why I keep coming back to visit your group is because I've grown fond of hearing your wildly inappropriate and impertinent remarks. I should probably thank you for bringing some color into the otherwise dull and uninteresting experience that I've had since I've returned to Varathia."

"Hey, you're welcome," I say. "Always happy to help!"


[46] "Alright, let's go, then," Daren says.

"Of course," Diane tells him. "Follow me."

As we followed Diane further into the woods, my thoughts very quickly began to drift away from Meridith, Eiden and his message, because to me at least, there were far more important things to think about.


[47] 