
[1] 

[2] "In that case, I think that most of our friends will likely accept your offer," Kate says. "Most of us were participating in the tournament without aiming to obtain the Magium anyway, so they shouldn't have any problems with the idea of continuing to complete the objectives."

"I hope you are right," Meridith says.

"So, I know this is a little off-topic," I say, "but you told me earlier that you knew the secret codes for unlocking the magical stats for my stat booster, and I was wondering if there's any chance that you could--"

"Of course, of course," Meridith says. "Just hand me the device, and I will input the code right away. Although, I have to warn you that these two stats will be working quite differently from the ones that you've been using until now."

"How so?" I ask.


[3] "Precisely," Meridith says. "In other words, the lessathi who were working on these stat boosters gave up on the idea of using them to turn themselves into mages, and they began designing the devices as tools to cast magic for them, instead. Essentially, what they did with many of these twelve new stats was that they copied multiple existing spells and techniques that were already being used by mages, and they found ways to implement them so that they could be cast by the device itself, while its wielder had their aura linked to it. The same principle also applied to the three aura stats, which were based on skills and techniques that were most commonly used by mages who were reasonably proficient in aura manipulation."

"What about the premonition stat?" Kate asks. "I don't seem to recall any existing spells that can foresee the future..."

"The premonition stat was most likely developed by using knowledge that they obtained from one of the Magium nodes," Meridith says. "While it pains me to admit this, the lessathi of old were much more skilled at extracting information from Magium nodes than us, so I cannot confirm this theory, since it would be impossible for us to create devices of this complexity. However, what I do know is that the time weavers that are sent by the Magium possess the ability to see small glimpses of future events, so it is my assumption that the stat device must also be using a similar technique for its premonition stat."


[4] "You'd need ridiculous amounts of energy to be transferred very fast into the device, to even have a slight chance of activating this mode," Meridith says. "Realistically speaking, stillwaters are the only kinds of mages who possess such high quantities of energy, but as far as I know, Melindra does not have full control over her powers, so she would never be able to do something as complex as transferring her energy willingly into the device. If the rest of you were to try activating the device with your levels of energy, you'd likely only be wasting your time."

"I see," Kate says.

"Diane, you've been very quiet ever since you came back from the surface," Meridith tells Diane, looking genuinely concerned. "Is anything wrong?"

"Umm, no, lady Meridith," Diane says, looking a little flustered. "It's just that I knew how important this meeting was to you, and I didn't want to interrupt."

"There's no need for you to worry about that," Meridith says. "You can say whatever's on your mind. You know that I've always valued your opinion."

"Thank you, lady Meridith," Diane says. "I will make sure to speak my mind whenever I have something important to add!"


[5] "Unfortunately, I do," Meridith says, in a sad tone of voice. "Every year or so, we get at least one lessathi who manages to sneak past the security and find his way to the Magium node, just so he could try to touch it. Sadly, almost every single one of them has gone completely insane. After they touch the node, most of them refuse to talk, they refuse to eat or drink, they just want to stay there and stare at the node, and they react very violently if you try to take them away from it. We've found no way to bring them back to their senses, and they usually end up dying from thirst, a few days afterwards."

"You're telling me that you knew how dangerous this Magium node was, and you left us alone with it, without so much as a warning?..." Kate asks, perplexed.

"I... didn't think that a warning would be necessary," Meridith says. "Lessathi are by their nature being drawn to the Magium node, which is why we need to keep them as far away from it as possible, but none of the other races have ever manifested any sort of attraction to these nodes. Not even half-lessathi. Why would you ever try to touch such a dangerous-looking thing if you weren't compelled to do so by your very nature?"


[6] "If I'm not mistaken," Kate says, "we already went past the secret tunnel entrance that we used to get here, and I don't think Hadrik could have opened it without smashing through the wall. This means that he must have kept going further down this corridor."

"Yes, I think so as well," Meridith says. "There are only two ways out of this area, aside from the secret tunnel, but the problem is that one of those routes leads straight into Heksol faction territory. Maybe we should check that tunnel first, just to be safe."

"Isn't the entrance to that corridor clearly marked as leading to the Heksol faction area, in the common language?" Diane says. "Surely, the dwarf must have read that and decided to take the other path, right?"


[7] "I'm afraid that I did not meet any dwarf today, Lady Meridith," the guard says. "Would you like me to form a search party to look for him?"

Meridith sighs.

"No, that will not be necessary," she says. "There were only two ways he could have gone, and if he's not here, then this means that he must have passed through the Heksol faction tunnel, as I suspected. Can you please release these humans from your custody so that we can go look for him together?"

"Umm, yes, of course..." the guard says. "They are free to go. But next time when you invite guests to the underground, could you please go through the proper channels? For some reason, I was never informed of their arrival..."

"Certainly," Meridith says. "I will make sure that the information properly reaches all the concerned parties next time. Let us go."

As Daren and Melindra walk over to us, Flower frowns and sticks her tongue out at the lessathi guard before she turns around to join us as well.


[8] As soon as Flower finishes the third code, the peculiar-looking rock begins to slide inside the wall by itself, and then it moves to the side, so that a gray stone with writing on it can take its place, leaving just enough space between the stone and the rest of the wall for a small object to be able to fit through. The words on the stone are written in the common language, and they are saying: 'If you like discovering secrets, place your palm upon this rock.'

All of a sudden, I hear Flower gasping, as she is also done reading the writing on the rocky surface.

"Barry, I think you were right!" she says. "This really does feel like the work of that lessathi architect again! Hold on, let me check!"

She then places her palm on the rock, like the writing said, and a puzzle piece immediately gets thrown out of the hole below the stone, along with a small parchement with text on it that is also written in the common language, saying: 'Find all of the pieces of the puzzle, and I will share with you my greatest secret. I've left one of these in each of the buildings I've designed.'

"Barry, what are you waiting for?" Flower tells me. "Put your palm on the stone, quick! Before it slides back into the wall!"


[9] "Hey, it's not my fault that you guys look so suspicious!" Hadrik says, as he takes another sip from his glass. "I mean, look at me. I ran into a guard too, and he's not trying to have me arrested, is he?"

"Don't give me any ideas, dwarf," the lessathi guard says, jokingly, as he and Hadrik both laugh and then clink their glasses before having another drink.

"Ugh..." Daren says, in an annoyed tone.

"So, what is it that brings you here, 'lady' Meridith?" the lessathi guard says, in a disdainful tone, once he is done with his ale. "It has been some time since I've been 'honored' with your presence."

"Spare me your sarcasm, Kleykarth," Meridith says. "I only came here because I was worried that my dwarf guest might get into a fight with someone from your faction. It seems, however, that my concern was unwarranted."

"From what I heard, the dwarf would have had much more of a reason to pick a fight with you than with us, 'lady' Meridith," Kleykarth says. "In fact, he had quite a few choice words to say about you after his first few glasses of ale. Would you like to hear some of them?"

"I would be quite interested, yes..." Meridith says, while giving Hadrik a cursory glance.

"Now, now, that won't be necessary!" Hadrik says, as he puts a hand on the lessathi guard's shoulder.

"Hahahah!" Kleykarth laughs. "I was just messing with you, dwarf. There's no need for you to panic. Your secrets are safe with me!"


[10] "You're damn right, I did!" says the Heksol faction guard. "Did you really think that serving me two bottles of completely identical ale alongside a third bottle with a nearly indistinguishable difference in taste would somehow throw me off my game? I'll have you know that I used to be friends with a dwarf who was ten times the drinker you are. If he were still with us today, he would have drunk you under the table in a matter of minutes."

"I'm sure he would have," Hadrik says, as we are getting closer to him, and now see that he is holding a glass of ale in his hand, while raising it high. "Let us have a toast in his honor, then. May he always watch over us from above, with a bottle of dwarven ale in his hand, and a big drunken smile on his face!"

"Dwarf," the guard says, "this may be the first respectable thing you've said since we met."

The two of them now clink their glasses and then they have a good long drink, before they finally notice us.

"Well, if it isn't the big boss herself!" Hadrik says, with a grin. "What are you just standing there, for? Come here. Sit with us. Have a drink!"

"I'm afraid that I'll have to refuse your offer," Meridith says. "I have a few important meetings to attend after this, which will require me to remain sober." 

"Is she always like this?" Hadrik asks the lessathi guard, as he pours him another glass of ale.

"All the time," the lessathi guard says, and then he takes a sip from his filled glass.


[11] "Not all of my words are riddles, my good man..." the crazy guy says. "Also, don't you think you are being rather rude to our guest? You've been speaking so loudly the whole time, that the poor fellow hasn't had the courage to utter a single word until this moment. Come now, friend, will you not do us the honor of joining our conversation? I promise that despite their looks, these are quite respectable folk, and they won't make fun of your unusual appearance!"

As he speaks, the crazy guy seems to be looking directly at one of the blue crystals from the ceiling.

"What's the matter, Uverg?" Kleykarth says, mockingly. "Is your invisible fairy friend from the ceiling too shy to talk to us?"

"I do not think that he is a fairy..." Uverg says, looking as if he didn't quite catch on to the lessathi guard's sarcastic tone. "Fairies would usually not use these crystals to transfer their consciousness into them, don't you think?"


[12] "Affirmative," the Overseer says. "However, it should be stated that your plans regarding the stillwater called Eiden are of little interest to me. My main focus is currently on unlocking the secrets of these blue crystals, as well as those of the Magium itself, and I believe that your Magium node will greatly help me to expedite my research on these topics."

"You think you can just use our Magium node without our permission?" Meridith says, in a menacing tone.

"That is correct," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol considers your permission to be largely irrelevant, since you have no realistic means of blocking my access to your node. If you think that my assessment of the situation is incorrect, feel free to provide your feedback to one of the green-eyed units, and we will investigate the matter as soon as possible. Remember, your feedback always matters!"

"Is he--" Meredith turns to me, as she seems to be having trouble finding her words. "Is this machine mocking me?"


[13] "Ahahahahahaha!" Kleykarth laughs heartily. "Overall incompetence as a leader! That's a good one! I like you already, Overseer! Hey, tell you what... How about you and Uverg hold your meeting inside the Heksol faction territory? That way, we can make sure that you two can have all the privacy you need, without being interrupted. Oh, and you don't need to worry about Meridith. She has no real hold over us, so she won't be able to intervene. Isn't that right, dear leader?"

"You are really pushing the limits of my benevolence, Kleykarth," Meridith says, with a frown.

"Is that right?" Kleykarth says, while smirking. "Well, what are you going to do about it, then? Are you going to murder every single one of us like you did with Heksol and then have your loyal dog use his acid powers again to disintegrate our bodies without leaving a single trace? Come on, say what you really mean! You know you want to!"

"...No," Meridith says, as she appears to be calming down. "I will not give in to your provocations. You know very well that you have no proof for your claims, and I will not waste any time validating your conspiracies."


[14] "That is very good to hear," the Overseer says. "In that case, I look forward to a mutually beneficial and prosperous relationship between me and your people."

"Hahaha!" Kleykarth laughs. " 'Prosperous relationship', he says. Where do you even come up with this stuff? You crack me up, man!"

"Is it just me, or has the Overseer been antagonizing Meridith on purpose since the beginning, just so he could be on friendly terms with the Heksol faction?" Kate tells me in a low voice.

"That's very likely, yes," I whisper to her.

"Has he always been this crafty?..." Kate asks me. "He didn't give me that impression in Ollendor."

"He was cunning back then too," I tell her. "It's just that he was making more of an effort to hide his true intentions at that point in time. Now he doesn't seem to care that much about appearances anymore."

"If you will please excuse me, I have some other business to attend to, so I will temporarily take my leave," the Overseer says. "However, I will make sure to return by the time my new friend Kleykarth meets with his leader. I wish you all a pleasant day!"

"Hey!" Meridith says. "I'm not done talking to you. Do you hear me? Overseer!"

The crystal from above is no longer responding in any way. It looks like the Overseer really did take his departure, just like he promised.


[15] "At our current level of knowledge, I'm afraid that is simply not possible," Uverg says. "Even being able to detect him through the crystals might prove difficult in the future, since he is likely to find better ways to conceal his presence, now that he knows I can sense him. I understand that this might not be what you want to hear, but closing all lines of contact with him may not be in our best interest for the time being."

"I see..." Meridith says, as she seems to be reflecting upon Uverg's words. "Perhaps you are right. Maybe it's not a good idea to be too hasty with our decisions until we know exactly what we are dealing with. On that note, Barry, you said that you have dealt with the Overseer in the past... Is there perhaps some advice you could give us on how we should interact with him? Or maybe he has some sort of weakness that we could exploit?"


[16] "While that is indeed true," Uverg says, "you should also remember that you were the first one to provoke him, by openly stating that you would not allow him access to the Magium node. This gave the Overseer no option but to see you as his direct enemy, and to try to ally with your adversaries, instead. If you were to show more lenience towards him, then maybe he would--"

"No," Meridith says, simply. "The time for negotiations is long past. I will not forbid you to interact with the Overseer, since he seems to have taken an interest in you, but as far as I am concerned, the Overseer is a potential enemy that has infiltrated our base, and I will treat him as such until there is a strong reason for me to believe otherwise."

"As you wish, Lady Meridith," Uverg says, and then he takes a courteous bow.

"Anyway, I think we've discussed the subject of the Overseer long enough," Meridith says. "We have more pressing matters to attend to. Hadrik, I understand that you are harboring some resentment towards me at the moment, but there is something important that I must discuss with your group, and I need you all to be there, so you can give me your opinions. Would that be acceptable for you?"

"Alright, alright," Hadrik says, as he gets up from the ground and slowly puts his bottles in his backpack. "I suppose I've vented long enough. Let's hear what you have to say."

"Good," Meridith says. "Follow me."


[17] "Ahem... " Uverg says, as we are still walking side by side through the underground tunnels. "Moving on from the surface-level analysis of the blue crystals, I would now like to summarize some of the main points that I think you will find most interesting, from the twenty-page detailed report that I'll be leaving on your desk later today. First of all, I am not sure if you've noticed this before, but the color of these crystals is not in fact completely blue. If you look carefully, you will see that there is also a slight tinge of indigo, although it can be easy to miss for the untrained eye. This to me was very shocking, because it would mean that the very name that we've been using all these years to describe the crystals might be completely incorrect! Further analysis may be needed, of course, but it may well be possible that in the near future, these 'blue crystals' could be officially renamed to 'blue with a slight tinge of indigo crystals'. Truly, we are making history!"


[18] "It's most likely because our ancestors hated the humans," Uverg says. "I am not entirely sure, since the memories of this distant past are vague in my head, but I believe that the regular humans and the humans who would later become the lessathi belonged to two opposing tribes. One of the tribes lived underground, worshipping the Magium nodes as deities, while the other tribe lived on the surface. I think that when the Magium nodes were originally discovered, the ancestors of the humans tricked the ancestors of the lessathi to go and investigate the underground tunnels, and then they took away the ropes that they used to climb down there, leaving them all stranded. They would later also seal the entrance, to make sure that nobody would ever find their way down there again. Our forefathers have always hated the human ancestors for doing this to them, and their hatred towards their enemies has been passed down from generation to generation, until they could finally make their escape."


[19] "Hmm..." Meridith says. "I'm not sure how helpful this information will prove to be, but at least it's a start. Thank you for your insights, Uverg. As always, your assistance is greatly appreciated."

"My pleasure, Lady Meridith," Uverg says, as he bows again.

"I'm curious..." Diane says. "How did the humans on the surface react when the lessathi from the underground finally made their way back outside? Did they try to send them back in again?"

"Actually, quite the contrary," Uverg says.  "They welcomed them with open arms. You see, it had been hundreds of years since the lessathi got stranded inside those caves, so by this time nobody on the surface even knew who they were. On the other hand, the lessathi never forgot. The hatred for the humans got passed down from generation to generation, and every parent made sure to constantly remind their offspring that the humans living above were at fault for their poor living conditions. However, the lessathi of old were a patient people, so they bided their time. They lied to the surface-dwellers, telling them that they bore them no ill-will for their ancestors' misdeeds, and they decided to coexist with the humans peacefully, while waiting for the opportune moment to enact their revenge."

"And what was this 'revenge', exactly?" Daren asks.


[20] "It's not just the way you dress, Uverg," Meridith says. "Your way of thinking has also changed. You were always a little eccentric, but you would have never thought of dressing like an insane person just to do a social experiment before touching the Magium node. You didn't have this kind of complete disregard for people's opinion of you before. It's hard to put into words exactly what has changed about you, but if I were to try to describe it, it's as if when you entered the Magium realm, a part of you remained there and never came back. "

"I will have to take your word on that, Lady Meridith, since personally I do not feel all that different from how I used to be," Uverg says. "From my point of view, I am the same person, only with vastly more knowledge, and with an unquenchable thirst to learn even more than I already know. If the ways in which I choose to pursue that knowledge make me seem crazy to other people, then that is a price I am willing to pay."

"I know, Uverg," Meridith says, with a sigh. "I've already come to terms with the fact that you will likely never return to your previous self, but that does not mean that I intend to reject the person that you are now. As I have said before, you are free to wear what you want and to do your research in any way you see fit, as long as the quality of your work remains as consistent as before. Now, if there isn't anything else for you to report, I would really like to discuss something in private with my guests, if you don't mind."


[21] "Actually, I do have something to gain from you," Meridith says. "As long as you keep travelling with your friends for the remainder of the tournament, then you will be protecting them from danger, and there are some good chances that at least some of them will agree to help us kill Eiden by the end of the tournament. In any case, I don't think you understand just how important this goal is to us. Killing Eiden has been the desire of our people for six hundred years. I would be a fool not to use every means at my disposal, when I've come so close to finally achieving the dreams of our ancestors."

"Hmm..." Hadrik says. "Well, deal or no deal, I am still planning to keep participating in the tournament, even if the prize is fake, since I came here for the adventure, not the Magium. If you want to give me access to your node just for doing what I was already going to do, then sure, why not? What have I got to lose?"

"I'm glad to hear you say that," Meridith says. "Is it safe to assume that everyone else also agrees with Hadrik?"

"Sure, I suppose," Daren says, as Illuna also nods her head in the background. "As long as you don't make us promise anything about Eiden, I have no problem with the rest of your deal. I'm pretty sure the rest of us also feel the same way."


[22] "What was that?..." Arraka says. "Where did that sound come from?"

"Ah, Barry, I believe that is the sound your stat booster is supposed to make once your magical stats are ready," Meridith says. "Normally, you should be starting to feel the effects of--"

"Wow, this is great!" I interrupt Meridith. "I can already feel the magical energy flowing through me. It's definitely not as impressive as it was during the Emergency Mode, but I've really missed the feeling of being able to cast magic on a material plane of existence! Let me see if I still remember how to do the flight spell."

"As far as I know, the flight spell will only be available to you at a much later level," Meridith says. "Normally, you should have started with level one in both your magical stats, so you shouldn't be able to cast anything other than very basic spells at the-- wait, how are you doing that?..."

While Meridith was talking, I managed to recreate the air currents spell that I used while fighting the stillwater skeletons, and now I was flying around the cave, in a very clumsy way.

"What, the flying?" I ask Meridith, as I am still trying to find my balance in mid-air. "Oh, I'm just using the air elementalist powers granted to me by the device to create some air currents around me that are moving constantly. It sounds complicated at first, but if you treat it as if you were flying a plane, it gets much simpler."


[23] "I'm sorry, the what?" Meridith says.

"The 'Creator' that we spoke to when we first came here." Illuna says. "Is he still in this room, watching us?"

"Oh, no, the Creator isn't always here," Meridith says. "He only visits us from time to time, to share his wisdom. Why, did you want to speak with him again?"

"Quite the contrary, in fact," Illuna says. "Did you hear that, Arraka? The Magium fragment isn't here. You can stop fidgeting now."

"I have no idea what you're talking about," Arraka says. "How would I even be 'fidgeting' inside of an amulet without any body to speak of?"

"Your aura was getting more and more restless the closer we got to the Magium node room," Illuna says. "To be honest, it was getting a little annoying."

"Oh, so you're an expert on auras, now?" Arraka says. "Maybe you'd like to give me some tips too, while we're at it?"

"Whatever you say, Arraka," Iluna tells her.


[24] Having touched the Magium node once already, I can tell with a high degree of certainty that the information available to me right now is only a small fraction of what the Magium has to offer.

I'm actually starting to think that the green button is meant to only give me a small taste of the Magium's knowledge, and that the red button is in fact the real access to the Magium. Maybe I should try pressing it?


[25] I'm starting to think that the green button is meant to only give me a small taste of the Magium's knowledge, and that the red button is in fact the real access to the Magium. Maybe I should try pressing it?


[26] "Allow me," Illuna says, as she presses the red button, and then also a few other buttons in quick succession.

Seeing what she is doing, Meridith crosses her arms, giving Illuna a reproachful look, but she lets her finish what she wants to do, and only comments on her actions once she comes to return the device to her.

"You've used this type of device before, haven't you?" Meridith asks Illuna, as she takes the Magium connector from her hands.

"Yes, I did," Illuna says. "However, our old device broke a while ago, and it has been rather difficult to procure a new one since then. I thank you for being generous enough to lend us one of yours."

"You are most welcome," Meridith says. "Of course, had I been aware that you'd know how to use it, I would never have given it to you in the first place, but I suppose you already knew that, considering that you never bothered to tell me about this minor detail... So, did you find what you were looking for, at least?"

"I've found quite a bit more than what I was looking for, actually," Illuna says. "I believe that this newly acquired knowledge will be very useful in helping me develop some techniques that I've been working on for the past few days."


[27] "Works for me!" I say. "This means that I'll have some time to look through the list of spells from my stat device. I'm already recognizing a few of the spells that Brinhorn was using on a daily basis while I was apprenticing for him. I actually helped him modify some of these to be a little more efficient. Let me see if I still remember the--"

"Greetings, friends," I suddenly hear the Overseer's voice coming from one of the blue crystals on the ceiling. "The Overseer protocol would like to apologize for its previous rude behavior. I realize now that completely ignoring you during our last encounter was not very polite of me."


[28] "I'm afraid not," Diane says. "I don't think that any of the people who know the details of the plan are allowed to leave the underground caverns, because there would always be a risk that Eiden could capture and interrogate them. I have a feeling that not even Jason knows what is going on behind the scenes, and Meridith usually tells him a lot more than she tells me."

"I'm sorry, who is Jason?..." Hadrik asks.

"He's Diane's brother," Kate answers him. "Which reminds me... Where is Jason? I would have liked to at least greet him before leaving."

"Jason is busy with an important mission, somewhere on the surface," Diane says, "so unfortunately, you won't get the chance to meet him today. But we might still run into him on our way to the sacred forest. I'll have to call and ask him later if he is allowed to disclose his location to us or not."

"Did-- did I hear you right?" Kate says, shocked. "Did you just say that you're going to come with us to look for the pinecone?"

"Oh, that's right, we never got to tell you..." Diane says. "Meridith was actually about to send me to Galamir before Melindra called her, so I talked her into letting me join your group. You know, since we're all going the same way! I hope you all don't mind!"


[29] "Oh, you haven't heard?" Meridith says, surprised. "The dragon, Tyrath, has declared war on every living being on the continent that isn't a monster. At first, he was going to send his armies directly towards the cities of Varathia, but the orc captain of his elite troops has apparently managed to convince him to at least hold some negotiations before the war. Knowing Tyrath, his terms will probably be something along the lines of us dropping all our defenses so his forces can butcher us, but at least we'll have some more time to prepare before the inevitable conflict."

"So, Diane is the envoy on behalf of the lessathi, and I'm assuming the orc captain will be Tyrath's envoy," Daren says, while stroking his chin. "Do you have any idea who will be the other delegates?"

"The golden fox will most likely be sending Leo the leopard," Meridith says, as she opens a secret tunnel with her wand. "I heard that the dragons from the mountains will also be sending their own separate envoy, since they've never really accepted Tyrath's claim to be their rightful king. Oh, and I think Fyron, the goblin general, will be attending the meeting himself, if I'm not mistaken. Other than that, I believe that the king of Galamir will be the one mediating the conference, and that the other kings should normally be attending the meeting through holographic screens."

"Looks like there will be a lot of familiar faces at this meeting," Daren says. "We've all met Leo the leopard and the orc captain, and I'm pretty sure Barry said he and Illuna met Fyron, so the only ones we won't know there will be the kings of Varathia and the representative of the dragons. Maybe we'll have a chance to meet some of them in Galamir."


[30] "Of course he did..." Meridith says, in an exhausted tone, as she now opens another hidden tunnel with the aid of her wand.

"Speaking of Eiden," I say, while we are entering the corridor, "you never did tell us what his message for you meant. We've been trying to figure it out by ourselves for some time, but we didn't really reach a definitive conclusion."

"Really?" Meridith says. "I thought it would have been fairly obvious for anyone who heard it."

As she was talking, Meridith opened a secret compartment that was hidden in the wall on our left, revealing a thin metallic tablet inside of it.

"It is a declaration of war," she says, in a casual manner, as she takes the item from within the wall.


[31] "The same place where you initially teleported us from," Diane says. "We'll find our way from there."

"As you wish," the lessathi says, and then he activates the teleporter.

Same as always, we get enveloped by a white light while vibrating loudly, and then we all find ourselves on the surface, in the exact location that we arrived from. Before anyone has a chance to speak, Melindra casts her air currents spell on herself and then she turns around so that she can face all of us.

"Well, guys, I guess this is goodbye," Melindra says, out of the blue.


[32] "Do you-- do you really have to leave?" Flower asks, in a shaky voice, as she is still trying hard to keep herself from crying. "Can't you at least stay with us for a little while longer? There was so much more I wanted to talk to you about... So much more that we could have done together!"

"I'm sorry, Flower but I really can't afford to delay this any longer," Melindra says. "A part of me really wishes I could have taken you with me, but I also don't want to separate you from your friends. Of all the people here, you're definitely the one that I'll be missing the most."

"Can I at least-- can I call you often?" Flower says. "While you're gone?"

"As often as you want!" Melindra says. "And like Kate said, we'll still meet again during the rituals, so I'm sure we'll be seeing each other very soon."

"Okay..." Flower says, as she slowly stops sniffling. "I can live with that."

"Well..." Melindra says, as she takes one last look at each of us. "I suppose this is it, then."

"Aye," Hadrik says. "This is it."

"Not to ruin the mood or anything," Daren says, "but I'd advise moving slowly when you fly away from here, as an extra precaution. Normally, the enchanter's oath that you've taken should not require you to do anything else, now that we are in possession of the pinecone detector, but it never hurts to be too careful."


[33] "Oh, there's no need to worry about that," Eiden says. "I'm sure she and I will meet again at some point in the future. However, as you've probably already realized by now, Melindra is not the reason for my visit."

"Let me guess," I say. "You want to know if I delivered your message or not."

"You're a fast learner, Barry!" Eiden says. "That's what I like about you."

"I did deliver the message, just like you asked," I say. "To Meridith herself."

"Wonderful," Eiden says. "A job well done. So, did she give you an answer for me?"

"Uh... not really, no," I say.

"No answer?..." Eiden says, confused. "Nothing at all? Did she at least tell you what the message meant?"

"She, umm... she told us that it was meant as a declaration of war," I say, somewhat apprehensively.

"Oh," Eiden says, in a very disappointed tone. "I see..."


[34] "Indeed..." Eiden says, and then he stays quiet for a few moments, to ponder on his next words.

"Very well, then," Eiden tells us, after a while. "Like Meridith, I too shall await your answer to her offer with great interest. Until then, we will continue to interact in the same way as before. The next time we will be meeting each other will likely be in Galamir. I look forward to seeing how you will handle yourselves in the rather... unique scenario that you will be encountering inside that city. Goodbye, for now."

"Yeah, see you," I say, as Eiden finally teleports away.


[35] My magical stats are working, and I also now know for a fact that there is a way to extract knowledge from the Magium without the risk of being erased from existence or becoming insane. All of a sudden, Kate's suggestion of me using knowledge from the Magium to modify my stat device into extracting its energy directly from the magical plane does not seem so far-fetched anymore.

This is quite possibly the closest I've ever been to realizing my lifelong dream. Maybe this wasn't so impossible after all.

Maybe... I can become a mage.

