
[1] 

[2] "I've always meant to ask," Rose says. "Why did you choose to shapeshift yourself into a dwarf and not a human? Wouldn't it have been easier to fight if you'd kept your body proportions at least somewhat similar to your original form?"

"Remember how I said that my friends call me 'the dwarf'?" Hadrik asks. "Well, that's because I spend most of my time drinking with dwarves from the Northern Continent, and because I'm shapeshifting into one more often than not. Given that I've picked up their accent and mannerism in the many years I've spent in their taverns, I thought it would raise less suspicion if I just came disguised as a dwarf, instead of a human. Plus, I've always enjoyed fighting with a handicap, so that's also a bonus!"

He laughs again.


[3] "Actually, that's exactly what I'm worried about," Daren says.

"I think I'm starting to understand why Petal doesn't want to talk to you guys..." Flower says.


[4] "I sometimes pretend that I use invisible strings to control my body!" Flower says. "It makes life in here a little more bearable."

"Most children will instinctively realize that something is different about ethereals," Kate continues, "so they will usually isolate them from a very young age and not accept them in their groups. Being left alone both in their mind and in the outside world, ethereals are forced to find their own ways to cope with their situation. Some of them will simply start shutting the whole world out, and isolate themselves even further. Others will make titanic efforts to integrate themselves in society, but the social awkwardness that they gained from years of isolation will always stand in their way. Living their lives alone in their own minds also causes many ethereals to develop eccentric personalities and to fixate on a hobby they like until they become exceptionally skilled at it. Diane used to love tinkering with complex devices for hours on end. Flower, I assume that your chosen hobby would be acrobacy?"

"Oh, yes!" Flower says. "I absolutely love it! I used to be in a circus when I was little, and since then there's rarely been a day when I've neglected to train my acrobatic skills!"

