
[1] 

[2] She then holds out her hand to her, and says:

"My name is Kate. Pleased to meet you!"

Flower looks somewhat taken aback by Kate's sudden shift in attitude towards her, and she shakes her hand, hesitantly.

"And my name is Rose!" Rose says, as she offers her hand as well. "I'm glad to have you with us, Flower!"

"I'm Hadrik," says Hadrik. "But you can just call me 'dwarf'. Either name will do!"

Flower takes a few steps back and is now starting to panic.

"I'm sorry!" she says. "I've never really been accepted into a group before. I have no idea what you're supposed to say in these situations!"

"It's okay, Flower," Kate says. "You don't need to say anything."

"Oh," Flower says, as she starts to calm down. "Well, that's a relief!"


[3] "You can say that again!" Hadrik says, with a grin. "It's probably also the reason why you can't throw a rock without hitting at least three Barrys in the Western Continent."

He then starts laughing loudly, as he usually does.

"Is Barry a common name on the other continents?" Flower asks me.

"Yeah, I've met at least two dozen Barrys in my lifetime, and I don't really socialize much," I tell her.

"Well, to be fair," Hadrik says, "my name is also pretty common on the Northern Continent. Especially for giants like myself."

"You're a giant?!" Flower asks, shocked. "Wow... I guess you really must have been the black sheep of your family, huh?"

Hadrik laughs.

"You're not completely wrong there, little girl, but my family's opinion of me had nothing to do with my size, I'm afraid. The only reason I'm this small right now is because I've magically shapeshifted myself into a dwarf. I assure you that my height is well above average among my peers!"


[4] "I've always meant to ask," Rose says. "Why did you choose to shapeshift yourself into a dwarf and not a human? Wouldn't it have been easier to fight if you'd kept your body proportions at least somewhat similar to your original form?"

"Remember how I said that my friends call me 'the dwarf'?" Hadrik asks. "Well, that's because I spend most of my time drinking with dwarves from the Northern Continent, and because I'm shapeshifting into one more often than not. Given that I've picked up their accent and mannerism in the many years I've spent in their taverns, I thought it would raise less suspicion if I just came disguised as a dwarf, instead of a human. Plus, I've always enjoyed fighting with a handicap, so that's also a bonus!"

He laughs again.

Flower is now approaching Daren, and starts to address him.

"I'm sorry, I still didn't get your name..." she tells him.

"Daren," he says. "The name's Daren."

"You don't really like me very much, do you, Daren?" the girl asks, with a concerned tone.

"I like you just fine," he says. "It's the banshee I'm not very fond of."

"Oh, lighten up, Daren!" Hadrik says. "What do you think she's going to do? Betray us all and join the ogres once we get to their stronghold?"


[5] "Yes," Kate says. "Most people don't even know that they have a soul, because they only use their five senses to explore the world around them. However, the soul, which stores a person's memory and the very essence of their being, is actually being kept on the ethereal plane, in a pocket universe that is usually referred to as their mind. While the human brain facilitates the interaction between the soul and the body, it is not the sole actor in the creation of an individual's personality, as most scholars would have you believe. After a person dies, in the same way that their body decomposes and eventually becomes one with the earth, the person's soul also decomposes into ethereal matter and eventually becomes one with the ethereal plane once more."

"Hey, that's not what they taught me in giant school!" Hadrik says. "As far as I know, once we die, our spirits are all supposed to go to the afterlife of whatever god we worshipped during our lives on this plane!"

"Believe what you will," Kate tells him. "I am merely reciting texts from old lessathi books that I was allowed to read during my time at the Beacon. Or at least the books that they were kind enough to have translated in the common language. Getting back to the subject at hand, the ethereals are different from other humans, because they experience life from the perspective of their souls, instead of their bodies. Imagine living your whole life inside a giant puppet, unable to get out, forced to use it every time you need to interact with a person from the outside world."


[6] Flower gasps loudly, all of a sudden.

"Oh no, I just realized something!" she says. "The Beacon you spoke of... and the experiments..."

She pauses.

"Are you an artificial mage?" she asks.

"I am. Why do you ask?"

"Oh gods, you must have had it so much worse than I did! At least I had Petal's experience to rely on when we were being chased down by banshee hunters. She's taught me a lot of survival tips that have come in handy along the years. Would you like me to share some of them with you?"

"Uh, I suppose it couldn't hurt..."

"Great!" Flower says, as her cheerful smile returns to her face once again. "I'll try to remember everything I know on the way to the ogre stronghold. Come on, follow me! We can talk more while we walk!"

"Ethereals, huh?" Arraka says to herself, while we start our long march towards our objective. "That's a pretty cool sounding name. I might actually start using it myself from now on!"


[7] "Kate, you had no way of knowing this would happen," Rose says. "Even with this detour, I'll still arrive ahead of my original schedule, as long as we keep following the direct route we've been using up until now. There's no need to apologize for any of this. We're friends, remember?"

Not knowing exactly how to answer, Kate simply nods to her, and we all decide to take a small break to eat some food, because we haven't really eaten much since our imprisonment. After I finish my meal, I notice that Flower, who wasn't particularly hungry, had decided to make use of this time to practice her fire magic, by shooting fireballs at various rocks lying on the side of the road. 

"You sure do like to train, huh?" I ask Flower as I approach her.

"Oh, no, I'm not training right now," she says. "I just like to blow stuff up!"

"How old did you say you were, again?"

"I'm almost thirty!"


[8] "You know, I'm pretty good at teleportation magic," Arraka says. "If you free me from the amulet, I could teleport a few of the ogres here, and we could have a fun little practice run before the main event. What do you say?"

"Nah," Hadrik says, with a grin.

"Well, it was worth a shot," Arraka says.

"I'm so glad that Arraka finally found someone she can relate to!" Flower says, looking genuinely happy for her. "I don't really have a lot in common with her, so we don't talk all that much, and Petal hates her guts."

"That begs the question..." I tell her. "Why are you still keeping her with you?"

"I would like to ask the same question," Kate says, as she approaches us. "Wouldn't it be better to just throw her at the bottom of a lake and be done with her? I don't really feel very comfortable travelling with her at my side. Her very aura sends chills down my spine."

"I... can't throw her away..." Flower says, with an uncharacteristically serious expression on her face.

"Why not?" Kate asks.

"Because she can free herself from the amulet if we leave her unsupervised. She barely has access to any magic while trapped in there, but with the little she has, she is able to generate a very small explosion as long as she is left alone to channel the spell for a few hours."


[9] "That's right," Flower says. "Arraka was so powerful, in fact, that it took the combined effort of Eleya and the Creator to put a stop to her rampage."

"The Creator is that guy who is considered to be the founder of Varathia's current civilization, right?" I ask her.

"Yeah, that's him," Flower says. "So, as I was saying, the Creator and the fox managed to defeat Arraka, but only temporarily. Even they weren't powerful enough to kill her outright, but they managed to cast a very complex spell on her, which forbids her to possess any of the humanoid races. For the next six hundred years, she was forced to possess only animals, which are too weak for her to be able to use her full powers."

"So, if she's already been roaming free for six hundred years, why is she more of a problem now?" I ask her.

"Because of me," Flower says. "The nature of my magical aura has changed drastically since my soul has fused with Petal's, and since my aura is so different now from that of any other humans, the spell cast on Arraka cannot identify me as a human being anymore, and therefore does not prohibit her from possessing my body. Even if I were to throw Arraka somewhere far away, she'd just break out of the amulet and find her way to me sooner or later. And then it wouldn't be all over just for me and Petal, it may well be the end for the entire continent, or maybe even the world..."

"Wait," I tell her. "You're saying that you have to keep Arraka under constant supervision, so that you can dispel her explosion spell before she fully channels it, but what happens when you sleep?"


[10] As it starts to get dark, we decide to make camp in a valley near a small river, where there aren't many trees that could hide any potential ambushers. Flower and Kate went to scout the area around our camp, while Daren and Hadrik, who both had several spare tents in their enchanted backpacks, are now busy setting them up. Since they said they didn't need any help, and there wasn't really anything else that needed doing, Rose and I sat ourselves down on a log not far from them, in order to not get in their way.

"So, uh..." I start to ask Rose. "How have you been holding up, lately? You looked pretty shaken up after we ran into that hydra. And you didn't seem to be doing so well when the dragon attacked us, either..."

Rose blushes as she hears my question.

"Oh, you've noticed..." she says, sounding a little embarrassed.


[11] "No, but Flower has! They've been living together for twenty years. If Petal still has Flower's trust after that much time, then that is enough for me."

"Maybe you're right. I don't think anyone could hide their true nature for such a long time. If the banshee were up to something, she would have given herself away at some point during these past two decades. I mean, nobody can act that well, right?"


[12] "Actually, you're the one I wanted to talk to, not Flower," I say.

"Is that so?" the banshee says, eyeing me suspiciously. "Well, then, by all means, have a seat."

She then takes a bite out of her sandwich, while I seat myself on the grass next to her.

"So, uh," I start to say, "it's a really lovely weather we're having, don't you think?"

The banshee frowns when she hears my question, and she turns her head towards me.

"Cut to the chase, human," she says. "I've never been very fond of the roundabout ways in which you people like to start your conversations. You're here because you don't trust me to guard your camp by myself, aren't you?"


[13] "Am I correct in assuming that you are Petal?" Rose asks. "My name is Rose. Pleased to meet you!"

She then offers the banshee her hand.

"Actually, my name is Illuna," the banshee says, without taking her hands off her sandwich. "Petal is just a nickname that the girl gave to me when we first met, because I didn't want to give her my real name. She's been calling me that ever since."

Seeing that the banshee has no intention of shaking her hand, Rose smiles politely and takes a seat on the grass, on the other side of her.

"So, uh," I start to say, "it's a really lovely weather we're having, don't you think?"

The banshee frowns when she hears my question, and she turns her head towards me.

"Cut to the chase, human," she says. "I've never been very fond of the roundabout ways in which you people like to start your conversations. You're here because you don't trust me to guard your camp by myself, aren't you?"


[14] Rose sighs.

"It's fine," she says. "I'm sure you didn't mean any harm. Just... try to trust me a little more next time, okay?" 

She then turns towards the banshee.

"Am I correct in assuming that you are Petal?" Rose asks. "My name is Rose. Pleased to meet you!"

She then offers the banshee her hand.

"Actually, my name is Illuna," the banshee says, without taking her hands off her sandwich. "Petal is just a nickname that the girl gave to me when we first met, because I didn't want to give her my real name. She's been calling me that ever since."

Seeing that the banshee has no intention of shaking her hand, Rose smiles politely and takes a seat on the grass, on the other side of her.

"Wait a minute," I tell the banshee. "I just realized something. You don't have a backpack. So where did you get that sandwich from?"


[15] "Spectacular," Illuna says. "Is there anything else that the girl shared about me while I was asleep?"

"Well, she most certainly didn't tell me that you could conjure food out of thin air!" Rose says. "That is normally a skill that only the grand priests of each city can master. You must be incredibly talented!"

"Actually, I am ashamed to admit that Flower was the one who taught me this skill."

"Flower did?"

"Yes, the girl has the natural talent of being able to instantly comprehend some ridiculously complex spells without expending any effort whatsoever. She only saw the spirit fox cast this spell once, twenty years ago, and she managed to mimic it in the very next second. However, she is completely hopeless when it comes to learning spells that require the least amount of studying beforehand. I've been trying to teach her healing for years, but it's like trying to teach an ogre how to speak lessathi."


[16] "Spectacular," Illuna says. "Is there anything else that the girl shared about me while I was asleep?"

"Well, she most certainly didn't tell me that you could conjure food out of thin air!" Rose says. "That is normally a skill that only the grand priests of each city can master. You must be incredibly talented!"

"Actually, I am ashamed to admit that Flower was the one who taught me this skill."

"Flower did?"

"Yes, the girl has the natural talent of being able to instantly comprehend some ridiculously complex spells without expending any effort whatsoever. She only saw the spirit fox cast this spell once, twenty years ago, and she managed to mimic it in the very next second. However, she is completely hopeless when it comes to learning spells that require the least amount of studying beforehand. I've been trying to teach her healing for years, but it's like trying to teach an ogre how to speak lessathi."


[17] We ended up spending the next few hours talking with Illuna, and although on the surface she appeared to be annoyed by us, a part of me felt that she was actually enjoying our company, in her own way. Even if she maintained her grumpy demeanor throughout the night, the banshee slowly started to open up towards us and she even told us a few stories from her adventures with Flower in the past few years. It was later in the night that we were interrupted by Daren and Hadrik, who came to take over our shift.

"Wait, wasn't Flower supposed to be the only one taking this shift?" Hadrik asks us, surprised.

"It seems that Flower misled us yesterday," Daren says, with a grave tone in his voice. "Because she apparently never intended to take on that shift herself."

Illuna and Daren then spend a few seconds looking each other in the eye, as if they were ready to jump at each other's throats any second.


[18] With these last words, Daren and Hadrik walk past us to take their stations at the top of the hill, while Rose, Illuna and I head down, towards our tents. The three of us descend from the hill without uttering a single word to each other, and when we reach Flower's tent, Illuna turns her head towards me before going in.

"Your intervention from earlier was unnecessary, human," she tells me. "I could have taken care of that healer without your help."

"Come on, don't be like that!" I say. "Friends should stick out for each other in their time of need!"

"You seem to be under the false impression that you and I are friends. I assure you that you could not be any further from the truth."


[19] I suddenly remember that I wanted to do a quick inventory of my backpack's contents before leaving, since I can no longer see what's inside of it, due to Daren's enchantment.

I start to take my items out of the backpack, one by one, by focusing on their image before reaching for them. I need to make sure that I don't forget anything. Maybe I should make a list?

"What the hell are you doing?" Kate says, as she approaches me.

"I'm doing a quick inventory," I answer her. "I didn't really get a good look at all of my items before Daren enchanted my backpack, so I just wanted to make sure that I'm not forgetting anything."

After looking at me for a few seconds, Kate grabs my hand, and she uses it to tap three times on the inside of my backpack. Immediately after she releases me, a screen magically appears above my backpack, giving me a detailed list of all my items, with corresponding pictures for each of them. 

"There's your quick inventory," Kate says. "Now hurry up and put that stuff back in, or you'll get left behind."


[20] While everyone is busy with the tents, I decide to spend my time trying to figure out how to get the backpack to show me a list of my contents. After about half a minute of fiddling around with it, I start to realize that this system might not be as intuitive as I would have hoped.  

"What the hell are you doing?" Kate says, as she approaches me.

"I'm trying to figure out how to get a list of all my items, but this stuff is beyond me..." I say.

After looking at me for a few seconds, Kate grabs my hand, and she uses it to tap three times on the inside of my backpack. Immediately after she releases me, a screen magically appears above my backpack, giving me a detailed list of all my items, with corresponding pictures for each of them. 

"There's your list," Kate says. "Now stop wasting time and come help me with this tent. The sun is already up, so we want to start moving as soon as possible."


[21] "First things first," Daren says. "We need to decide what to do with Rose during our attack. The way I see it, we have two options. Either we take her with us, or we leave her in a safe area outside of the stronghold, with someone to act as her bodyguard, just in case. Anyone have any thoughts on this?"

"I volunteer to stay behind and guard Rose," Kate says. "I'm not sure of how much help I can be in infiltrating the fort without my magic, but I should be able to handle a few ogre scouts on my own if need be." 


[22] "Well, first of all," Kate says, "the chalice we are meant to retrieve was used to give water unique healing properties which could cure some illnesses that were incurable through the use of spells. The artifact itself looks like a regular golden chalice, except it has triangular markings on the sides. Regarding the stronghold's defenses, the leopard said that the ogres are primarily divided between regular warriors that use big clubs to fight, and mages that have a variety of magical specialties. The most dangerous ones that we should be on the lookout for are their shaman, who should be easily recognizable by the multitude of tattoos inscribed on his body, and the stronghold captain, who is the only ogre warrior in the fort that wears heavy armor. That should be about the main gist of it."

"If this chalice of theirs is so important, I still don't get why the fox doesn't just storm the fort herself to get it back," Hadrik says. "Isn't she supposed to be really powerful?"

"Eleya derives most of her power from the sacred woods throughout the continent," Flower says. "When she steps outside those woods, she is not much stronger than most other animals. This is why the war between animals and monsters has been going on for decades, without reaching a conclusion. This is also why access to the sacred woods is forbidden for all outsiders."

"Getting back to the discussion at hand," Daren says, "I believe that the next thing we need to establish is how we are going to retrieve that chalice. From what I heard, the stronghold is positioned on top of a hill, and all of the trees in a mile radius from it have been cut down. There's no way we'll be able to sneak our way in."


[23] "If we're all agreed to attack the fort openly, then I guess there's not much more to discuss," Daren says. "There are too many things we don't know about the building's layout and the distribution of their troops to be able to anticipate what will happen. We'll just have to rely on our instincts, once the battle begins. If no one else has anything to add, then I suggest we get going. We still have a lot of ground to cover until we reach our objective."

It was a few more hours later that we got close enough to the stronghold to be able to do a bit of reconnaissance. Flower and Hadrik went to scout ahead, while the rest of us looked for a good place to bury our backpacks, since it would be too difficult to fight with them on our backs and we'd have no place to leave them while we're in the fort. Before burying my backpack, I made sure to take my crossbow out of it, since I am sure to need it in the upcoming battle.

After about thirty or so minutes, Flower and Hadrik returned to us, with some rather unsettling news.

"It's dead quiet out there," Hadrik tells us. "And I'm not just talking about a lack of patrols, I'm saying there weren't even any ogres posted on the walls. Something doesn't add up, here. The ogres may be stupid, but they couldn't possibly be this sloppy."


[24] "Well, first of all," Kate says, "the chalice we are meant to retrieve was used to give water unique healing properties which could cure some illnesses that were incurable through the use of spells. The artifact itself looks like a regular golden chalice, except it has triangular markings on the sides. Regarding the stronghold's defenses, the leopard said that the ogres are primarily divided between regular warriors that use big clubs to fight, and mages that have a variety of magical specialties. The most dangerous ones that we should be on the lookout for are their shaman, who should be easily recognizable by the multitude of tattoos inscribed on his body, and the stronghold captain, who is the only ogre warrior in the fort that wears heavy armor. That should be about the main gist of it."

"If this chalice of theirs is so important, I still don't get why the fox doesn't just storm the fort herself to get it back," Hadrik says. "Isn't she supposed to be really powerful?"

"Eleya derives most of her power from the sacred woods throughout the continent," Flower says. "When she steps outside those woods, she is not much stronger than most other animals. This is why the war between animals and monsters has been going on for decades, without reaching a conclusion. This is also why access to the sacred woods is forbidden for all outsiders."

"Getting back to the discussion at hand," Daren says, "I believe that the next thing we need to establish is how we are going to retrieve that chalice. From what I heard, the stronghold is positioned on top of a hill, and all of the trees in a mile radius from it have been cut down. There's no way we'll be able to sneak our way in."


[25] "We'll be fine, Daren!" Rose says, smiling. "There's no need to worry about us. Just make sure you all come back in one piece!"

"Flower, are you sure about this?" Kate says. "The fox only said you had to lead us to the stronghold. You've already fulfilled your promise. There's no need for you to risk your life for us any further."

"Oh, I could never live with myself if I just abandoned you here like this!" Flower says. "And besides, Petal and I have fought ogres before. They're not that tough! I don't think there will be any problems."


[26] While we make our way inside their inner yard, Arraka suddenly starts to make a very loud noise from inside her amulet.

"Oh no, you don't!" Flower says. "If I open the amulet now, you're just going to shout as loud as you can and give away our position to the ogres, aren't you? You're not going to fool me again!"

Arraka makes an even louder muffled sound, and she doesn't appear to have any intention of stopping.


[27] While we make our way inside their inner yard, Arraka suddenly starts to make a very loud noise from inside her amulet.

"Oh no, you don't!" Flower says. "If I open the amulet now, you're just going to shout as loud as you can and give away our position to the ogres, aren't you? You're not going to fool me again!"

Arraka makes an even louder muffled sound, and she doesn't appear to have any intention of stopping.


[28] The other ogres are now also slowly appearing out of thin air, and it turns out that there are at least a hundred of them, and they have us all surrounded. Two of the ogres stand out from the crowd, one because of the excessive amount of tattoos on his body, and the other because of his heavy armor. They must be the shaman and the fort captain that we've heard so much about. All of the other ogres are wearing nothing but loincloths and are holding big clubs in their hands, so it's a bit difficult to distinguish their mages from their warriors.


[29] As the others start to fight, I find myself just standing there, unable to get the image of Kate and Rose's last moments out of my head. I am the reason this happened. This is all my fault. I'm the one who killed them.

As these thoughts race through my head, I notice too late that an ogre had managed to sneak behind me, and was now swinging his club towards my head. There was no time for me to react, and the force of the impact cracked my skull right open, sending my lifeless body tumbling to the ground. 


[30] "And how do you plan on doing that?" the shaman asks.

"I've heard of several shamanistic rituals that could help me with my soul fusion problem," the banshee says. "I only require some time to study in your library, and I am sure that I will find a way to eliminate the girl for good, without harming myself in the process."

"And in exchange for this favor, you offer us your loyalty?" the shaman asks.

"Precisely," Illuna says.

"Then I require you to do one more thing to prove that you are being sincere," the shaman says, with a wicked grin. "You'll have to execute your friends from that cage."

"Sadly, I cannot do that," the banshee says. "Killing them now would result in all of our deaths."

"How so?" the shaman asks.

"Those collars that they are wearing have been placed around their necks by the great golden fox, who is also the one who sent them here to steal your sacred chalice," Illuna says. "They are made in such a manner that if the humans die, the collars explode, and those explosions would be powerful enough to easily level your fort and kill all of your warriors. The fox took this extreme measure to make sure that you all get eliminated even if the humans fail their mission."


[31] "You remember correctly, banshee," the shaman says. "Very well, then. I will send them to one of the paralysis cells."

He then starts casting his teleportation spell, and our bodies start to slowly vibrate, while we get covered in a bright white light.

"You bloody traitor!" Hadrik says, as he tries to bend the cage's bars with his bare hands. "I can't believe you actually told them about my giant's strength!"

"Illuna, how could you do this?" Rose asks the banshee, as a tear drops from her eye. "I trusted you. Flower trusted you. How could you betray us all like this?"

"You are far too trusting for your own good, Rose," Illuna says, with a frozen look in her eyes. "I already warned you not to consider me your ally. You should have listened to your healer when you had the chance. Now you will pay the price for your foolishness."

The banshee's cold look and Rose's tears are the last things I see before everything fades to black and we all get teleported to what may well become our final destination.

