
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] 

"Daren?..." Hadrik says. "Are you okay there, buddy?"

"I'm fine," Daren says. "Why do you ask?"

He then throws his sword about a dozen feet in front of him while he walks, and afterwards he extends his hand towards it while he continues to move forward. Once he reaches the sword, he picks it up from the ground and then he throws it in front of him again, as we're all walking alongside him on our way to the teleporter room.

"It's just that you've been throwing that sword over and over for a few minutes now, and I was starting to get a bit worried about your mental state," Hadrik says. "You know that you can ask one of us to hold your sword for a while if you're too tired to carry it, right?"

"I'm not too tired to carry the sword," Daren says, as he picks up his weapon from the floor. "I'm trying to use aura manipulation to make it fly back into my hand, like the king of the underground suggested. Why did you think I kept pointing my palm towards it every time after I threw it on the ground?"

"Is that what you were trying to do?..." Arraka says. "I would have never guessed in a million years. I swear, your sheer level of ineptude when it comes to anything aura related is truly a sight to behold."

"I'm sorry, were you planning to say anything useful, or should I just ignore your mad ramblings and continue with what I'm doing?" Daren says.


[3] "Does this mean that Daren could perform better than the royal guard captain in the future?"

"Why would you ask that?" Arraka says. "Do you think the captain doesn't also have an affinity for aura manipulation, or what? He clearly wouldn't have gotten so good at it if he didn't have a talent for it himself. If you ask me, Daren will probably never reach the level of the captain or the underground king, because those two already got a thirty year headstart. And it's not like Daren will spend as much time as them trying to learn those techniques either. He would be better off learning simple techniques that are focused more on utility than on overpowering his opponents. For example, he could glue the sword to his hand with his aura when he fights, so that his enemies could no longer disarm him."

"I can do that with my aura?" Daren says. "How?"

"Let me think of a way to explain this in terms that are easy enough even for someone like you to understand," Arraka says. "Let's see... How does the goblin usually translate these things into idiot language? Ah, yes! You already know what the five flowing streams from your fingertips are now, right? Well, instead of imagining them like jets of water, you should think of them as the rapidly drying liquid glue that certain species of giant snails leave as trails behind them. You remember that one time when Hadrik turned himself into a snail and then glued himself to the ground to fight that mammoth, don't you? Just try to imagine the aura flowing from your fingertips to be of a similar substance, and make it cover your sword while you are holding it."


[4] "Will this affinity help him when fighting against other aura manipulators?"

"If you're asking if he will be able to overpower mages that have decades of experience in the field just because he is somewhat talented, then the answer is no," Arraka says. "But if he decides to focus on utility rather than power, this newfound skill of his could be of some use to him. For example, he could glue the sword to his hand with his aura when he fights, so that his enemies could no longer disarm him."

"I can do that with my aura?" Daren says. "How?"

"Let me think of a way to explain this in terms that are easy enough even for someone like you to understand," Arraka says. "Let's see... How does the goblin usually translate these things into idiot language? Ah, yes! You already know what the five flowing streams from your fingertips are now, right? Well, instead of imagining them like jets of water, you should think of them as the rapidly drying liquid glue that certain species of giant snails leave as trails behind them. You remember that one time when Hadrik turned himself into a snail and then glued himself to the ground to fight that mammoth, don't you? Just try to imagine the aura flowing from your fingertips to be of a similar substance, and make it cover your sword while you are holding it."


[5] "What about the rest of our mages? Do you think they could learn aura manipulation too?"

"Well, I know that Illuna isn't any good at it, because I tried to teach her aura manipulation back when she was my pupil and she didn't make any kind of progress," Arraka says. "I don't know about the others, though. They all heard the goblin's explanation from earlier, so I guess they could try to do the same thing as Daren and see if it works for them? I don't really see any better way to test their skills than this. Anyway, as for Daren and his little sword summoning trick, I think it would make much more sense if he tried to learn a technique that would prevent him from losing his weapon in the first place. For example, he could glue the sword to his hand with his aura when he fights, so that his enemies could no longer disarm him."

"I can do that with my aura?" Daren says. "How?"

"Let me think of a way to explain this in terms that are easy enough even for someone like you to understand," Arraka says. "Let's see... How does the goblin usually translate these things into idiot language? Ah, yes! You already know what the five flowing streams from your fingertips are now, right? Well, instead of imagining them like jets of water, you should think of them as the rapidly drying liquid glue that certain species of giant snails leave as trails behind them. You remember that one time when Hadrik turned himself into a snail and then glued himself to the ground to fight that mammoth, don't you? Just try to imagine the aura flowing from your fingertips to be of a similar substance, and make it cover your sword while you are holding it."


[6] "We need to call Rose first," Kate says. "We might not get another chance to ask her about the medicinal herbs we need, once we reach the surface."

"Kate is right," Daren says. "I almost forgot about Rose. I'm calling her now."

He then takes out his transceiver, changes its frequency and taps on it once.

"Rose, are you there?" Daren says.

"Yes..." Rose says, in a sleepy voice. "I'm... awake..."

"Sorry, were you sleeping just now?" Daren says.

"No, no, I... it's fine, I was just about to wake up," Rose says, as she is making a visible effort to sound less groggy. "What is it?"

"Well..." Daren says, and then he begins to tell her about all the sick people in the quarantine area and about the fact that the medicinal herbs he needs cannot be found in the area around the city.


[7] "Umm, Rose?" Flower says, in a somewhat timid tone.

"Yes, Flower?" Rose says, trying to use a warm, welcoming voice, despite seeming rather tired.

"I heard that you helped out last night in getting me to make up with Petal," Flower says. "I wanted to thank you. It really means a lot to me!"

"There's no need to thank me," Rose says. "I barely did anything. But I'm glad to know that everything worked out in the end!"

"I'm just sorry that I couldn't send you any of my birthday cake through the transceiver or something earlier..." Flower says. "I'm sure you would have loved it."

"Today was your birthday?" Rose asks, surprised. "I didn't know that! Happy anniversary!"

"Thanks!" Flower says. "Hey, when's your birthday? Maybe I could bake a cake for you then, to make up for the fact that I didn't get to give you any this time!"

"Sadly, you'd have to wait eleven months or so to bake me that cake," Rose says, "because I only just had my twenty-fifth birthday shortly before the beginning of the mage tournament." 


[8] "Actually, I think it would be better if you went back to bed," I tell Rose. "You sound exhausted. Did Suzie by any chance keep you up all night because of her trouble sleeping?"

"I... I still managed to get an hour or two of sleep," Rose says. "I'm fine, really!"

"On second thought, I think I know a shop where we can find some crownwick herbs!" Daren says. "There's no need for you to go find that book, Rose. We can handle ourselves from here!"

"Are you sure?..." Rose says.

"Of course!" Daren says. "Sorry to have called so early in the morning. I hope you can still go back to sleep."

"Oh, it's no problem," Rose says. "Alright, well if there is anything else you need, you know how to contact me. I'll try to go back to bed. Talk to you later!"

"Bye!" Daren says, and then he closes the transceiver.

"You don't really know of any shops that sell crownwick herbs, do you?" Kate asks Daren.

"Hey, I'm sure that there must be at least one shop that has these herbs in stock!" Daren says. "Rose already helped us out a great deal, so I didn't want to impose on her any further when she was this tired. Kelrim, do you know of a herbal shop where we might have the greatest chance of finding what we're looking for?"


[9] "If it's too much of a bother, forget about it," Daren says. "I'm sure we can handle ourselves with what you already told us."

"No, it's not a bother," Rose says. "I'll be right back. This shouldn't take long."

"Well, alright then," Daren says. "We'll wait."

As promised, it does not take Rose longer than three minutes to come back to the transceiver, and we can now hear her flipping rapidly through the pages of the book that she got from her library.

"I found it!" Rose says, eventually. "The other replacement I was thinking of was to use the petals of a riggus flower. I don't think you should have any problems acquiring them, because these flowers usually bloom around this time of year, so they should have plenty of them in stock."

"Thanks again, Rose!" Daren says. "I promise that we won't let your information go to waste."

"Good!" Rose says. "Well, if that was all you needed, I think I'm going to be making some breakfast now. All this going up and down the stairs made me a bit hungry. Talk to you all later."

"So, is it settled, then?" Kate asks, as Daren closes his transceiver. "Do we know which way we are headed?"

"What do you think, Kelrim?" Daren says. "Is there any shop in Ollendor that would have all the ingredients we are looking for?"


[10] "Before we proceed, we need to make sure that we know exactly where we are going," Kate says. "Daren, did you find out which shops we should be visiting first?"

"Uh..." Daren says. "Kelrim, would you mind telling us again which way we are headed? I'm pretty sure you mentioned something earlier about a herbal shop that might have what we're looking for, but I don't remember much more than that." 

"I don't know of any specific shop that has everything we need," Kelrim says, "but there is a particular area in this city that has three different herbalist shops relatively close to each other, so I think that's where we should begin our search. These three shops are always in direct competition with one another, and for that reason they try to keep the quality of their merchandise as high as possible. To be perfectly honest, if we don't find what we need in these three shops, I'm not sure if we'll be able to find it anywhere else in the city."

"Then we'd better make sure to get the herbs from them no matter what," Daren says.

"After you haggle over the price a little, of course," Hadrik says.

"We'll see," Daren says.

"Let's get going, then," Melindra says. "And don't forget to suppress your auras before we teleport to the surface. I'm talking about suppressing them completely, not just hiding the magic from your auras, because otherwise you'll get easily detected by people with a keen enough magical sense. You can take a look at how Illuna is always doing it, if you want a clear example." 


[11] "I don't know of any specific shop that has everything we need," Kelrim says, "but there is a particular area in this city that has three different herbalist shops relatively close to each other, so I think that's where we should begin our search. These three shops are always in direct competition with one another, and for that reason they try to keep the quality of their merchandise as high as possible. To be perfectly honest, if we don't find what we need in these three shops, I'm not sure if we'll be able to find it anywhere else in the city."

"Then we'd better make sure to get the herbs from them no matter what," Daren says.

"After you haggle over the price a little, of course," Hadrik says.

"We'll see," Daren says.

"Let's get going, then," Melindra says. "And don't forget to suppress your auras before we teleport to the surface. I'm talking about suppressing them completely, not just hiding the magic from your auras, because otherwise you'll get easily detected by people with a keen enough magical sense. You can take a look at how Illuna is always doing it, if you want a clear example." 


[12] "I'm sorry," Kelrim says, as he pats the teleporter guy on the arm. "I must have made you remember some painful memories just now. That was not my intention."

"Did something happen to your brother since then?" Hadrik asks the teleporter guy, with a more serious look in his eyes.

"He was... killed by one of the city guards a few weeks ago," the teleporter guy says. "We never managed to retrieve his body. My only consolation is that from what I've heard, he died a quick and painless death."

"We'll make these bastards pay," Hadrik says, angrily. "You have my word!"

"Thank you for your support," the teleporter guy says.

"Hmm..." Melindra says, as she brings her face close to that of the teleporter guy, in order to study him more attentively.

"Uhh, is there something wrong?" the teleporter guy says, as he takes a step back.

"Your aura flow doesn't fluctuate much, does it?" Melindra says. "I've noticed this yesterday too, but today it was even more obvious. For example, it was clear from your face and tone of voice that you weren't all that comfortable talking about your brother just now, but despite all of that, your aura remained as calm as ever. Are you keeping it suppressed at all times, by any chance?"


[13] 

"Don't let her get to you, slowpoke! She's only trying to annoy you!"

"Yes, I can see that she's trying to annoy me," the teleporter guy says. "And so are you, by the looks of it. Just stop distracting me, alright? I need to pay attention when I input these coordinates."

"Just a moment," Melindra says. "Hadrik, you are not concealing your aura properly. Didn't I already tell you that you need to hide it completely?"

"Yeah, that's what I'm doing," Hadrik says.

"No, you're not!" Melindra says. "You're just hiding your magical power. How can you even make the confusion? You harden your aura all the time when you fight! All you need to do is conceal it instead of hardening it. How hard can it be?"

"Hey, it's not the same thing at all!" Hadrik says. "When I harden the aura around my fists, for example, I focus on the whole layer around my-- oh wait, never mind, I think I get it now."

The aura that can be felt around Hadrik is now gradually fading away, until it becomes virtually undetectable.

"Okay, is this better?" Hadrik asks Melindra.


[14] 

"His name is Barry, okay? Enough with the nicknames, already."

"Yes, his name is Barry, the slowpoke," Arraka says. "Not to be confused with Barry, the gnome king's servant or Barry, the buffoon. The last one's you, by the way, in case you were wondering."

"Can you be quiet and let me concentrate for a second?" the teleporter guy says. "I need to pay attention when I input these coordinates."

"Just a moment," Melindra says. "Hadrik, you are not concealing your aura properly. Didn't I already tell you that you need to hide it completely?"

"Yeah, that's what I'm doing," Hadrik says.

"No, you're not!" Melindra says. "You're just hiding your magical power. How can you even make the confusion? You harden your aura all the time when you fight! All you need to do is conceal it instead of hardening it. How hard can it be?"

"Hey, it's not the same thing at all!" Hadrik says. "When I harden the aura around my fists, for example, I focus on the whole layer around my-- oh wait, never mind, I think I get it now."

The aura that can be felt around Hadrik is now gradually fading away, until it becomes virtually undetectable.

"Okay, is this better?" Hadrik asks Melindra.


[15] 

"It doesn't matter if he used to be called slowpoke or not. Nobody is going to call him that."

"Speak for yourself, Barry-boy," Arraka says. "I for one intend to call him slowpoke during every single one of our future interactions."

"Ugh..." the teleporter guy says. "Can you just shut up and let me concentrate? I need to pay attention when I input these coordinates."

"Just a moment," Melindra says. "Hadrik, you are not concealing your aura properly. Didn't I already tell you that you need to hide it completely?"

"Yeah, that's what I'm doing," Hadrik says.

"No, you're not!" Melindra says. "You're just hiding your magical power. How can you even make the confusion? You harden your aura all the time when you fight! All you need to do is conceal it instead of hardening it. How hard can it be?"

"Hey, it's not the same thing at all!" Hadrik says. "When I harden the aura around my fists, for example, I focus on the whole layer around my-- oh wait, never mind, I think I get it now."

The aura that can be felt around Hadrik is now gradually fading away, until it becomes virtually undetectable.

"Okay, is this better?" Hadrik asks Melindra.


[16] "Don't play dumb with me," Illuna says. "There's no way you'd waste your time talking to someone as unimportant as him without having some ulterior motive. You were almost certainly making him angry on purpose, in order to see if you could get his aura to fluctuate. So, I ask you again. What did you find out?"

Arraka laughs.

"Still as perceptive as ever, I see," she says. "Fine, I admit it. Melindra caught my interest when she mentioned his relatively stagnant aura earlier, and I wanted to see if he was just suppressing it or if it really was something that he was born with, like he said. It was pretty obvious that I managed to both piss him off and make him lie about his old nickname when I made fun of him, but I still couldn't see any changes in his aura whatsoever. This means that he was most likely telling the truth about his aura naturally being like this, because I would have certainly noticed if he were trying to keep it stable on purpose."

"So he was not suppressing his aura on purpose because he had something to hide from us, then," Illuna says. "That's good to know."

"Can you two lower your voices a little more?" Daren says. "We don't want to give away our position before we even get to the first shop."


[17] Just like the king of the underground told us before we left, all of the other drones seem to be just hovering in the air above the city, without making any movements. Does this mean that Billy Bob is still hoping to control them even after he was betrayed by the Overseer? I guess we will soon find out.

"Thank you for initiating the Overseer protocol," the green-eyed drone says, as it places itself in front of us, blocking our path. "Please stand by. We will soon provide you with assistance."

"Yeah, actually we're not looking for any assistance," Daren says, "so if you could do us a favor and deactivate the Overseer protocol, that would be much appreciated--"

"Greetings, friends," the green-eyed drone says, this time in the Overseer's tone of voice. "Did you have a good night's sleep? I hope you were not kept awake by your feelings of guilt after betraying me and leaving me at the mercy of my lessathi jailor."

"Nah, I think we're all good," I say. "I was kinda hoping that you'd be deactivated by now, though. How exactly are you still able to have this conversation with us after you openly tried to get Billy Bob assassinated?"


[18] "Actually, I think you should study this phenomenon right now and let us be on our way."

"Request denied," the Overseer says. "Now calculating the most efficient way in which to end your lives. Please wait. We will get back to you shortly."

"Mhm," I say. "Of course you will. Alright everyone, let's just ignore him and keep moving."


[19] 

"Hey, you've got it all wrong! We never betrayed you! We were on your side all along!"

"Please wait," the Overseer says. "Currently analyzing the validity of your claims... Analysis complete. Thank you for waiting! The Overseer protocol has concluded that your statements are false and therefore not to be taken into consideration. We are sorry for the inconvenience."

"So... does this mean that you still want to kill us?" I say.

"Affirmative," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol is now calculating the most efficient way in which to end your lives. We will get back to you shortly."

"Well, you have fun with that, then," I say. "Meanwhile, the rest of us will be on our way. Let's go, everyone!"


[20] 

"Hey, you've got it all wrong! We never betrayed you! We were on your side all along!"

"Please wait," the Overseer says. "Currently analyzing the validity of your claims... Analysis complete. Thank you for waiting! It appears that even though all logic dictates that your previous statements were false, your aura for some reason seems to indicate that you were not in fact lying. In order to solve this contradiction, the Overseer protocol requires more information. Please state the reason why you were claiming to not have betrayed me."

"Uhm... I'll... let you figure that one out yourself!" I say.

"Due to lack of any additional information, the Overseer will have to revisit all of the existing pieces of evidence in order to make sense of this illogical string of events," the Overseer says. "Please be patient. This may take some time."


[21] "How exactly are you planning to kill us when you can't even move your drones?"

"Question unclear," the Overseer says. "Unfortunately, the Overseer protocol cannot provide you with a correct answer if your question is too vague. Please rephrase your previous query."

"...Are you being serious right now?" I tell him.

"The Overseer protocol is always striving to answer to the best of its abilities," the Overseer says. "If you have any problems with the way your query was handled, please file a formal complaint, and we will try to answer it as soon as possible."

"Does this mean that you're not trying to kill us anymore, or...?"

"Negative," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol is currently calculating the most efficient way to end your lives. Please wait. Your deaths will be delivered shortly."

"Okay, that's it!" I say. "Let's just ignore him and walk away from here. I've heard enough from him for one day."


[22] "Greetings, friends," we hear the Overseer's voice coming from the drone, once it gets close enough to us. "Judging by your current trajectory, I have concluded that you are headed towards one of the herbalist shops on this street. Did you know that there is also a secret fourth herbalist shop in this area? I could lead you to it if you want."

"Why would we want to go to some secret herbalist shop when we haven't even checked the inventory of the other three yet?" I say, as we keep moving forward and the green-eyed drone follows us from above.

"Because this herbalist shop is said to have some very rare herbs in stock, which you might not be able to find in any other places," the Overseer says. "Considering that the guards are all actively searching for you, would it not make more sense to start with the shop that has the widest array of merchandise?"


[23] "Trust me, we're much better off not listening to him," I say. "I wouldn't put it past the Overseer to use us as decoys and have us killed just so he could assassinate the king while he's distracted. Maybe we're technically on the same side, but this doesn't mean that we're not still disposable pawns to him."

"The Overseer protocol assures you that your lives will not be placed in any immediate danger as a direct result of following my directions," the Overseer says.

"Oh yeah?" I say. "Well, what about any non-immediate danger, then? And what about the indirect results of following your directions? Why did you go out of your way to word things so specifically if you weren't trying to trick us?"

"If you have any complaints about the Overseer's vocabulary, you can file a formal complaint, and we assure you that it will be handled in a timely manner," the Overseer says. "To file a complaint, simply say that you wish to do so, and your next words will be recorded."


[24] "I guess we could go along with what he says, for now..."

"How far from here is this 'secret' shop exactly?" Illuna asks.

"If we begin heading towards it now, I estimate that it shouldn't take more than a minute to reach our destination," the Overseer says.

"Show us the way, then," Daren says.

"Request acknowledged," the Overseer says. "Come with me."


[25] "Greetings, friends," we hear the Overseer's voice coming from the drone, once it gets close enough to us. "Judging by your current trajectory, I have concluded that you are headed towards one of the herbalist shops on this street. Did you know that there is also a secret fourth herbalist shop in this area? I could lead you to it if you want."

"Listen, Overseer..." I say. "You and I both know that you wouldn't bother sending your drone down here just to help us look for some herbs. If you want us to team up with you for real, you're going to have to be a little more honest with us. Tell me, why do you really want us to go to that shop?"

"Processing... Processing..." the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol has decided to share its true motives with you in order to gain your trust. At this current time, the seredium-covered underground herbalist shop is being visited by one of the royal guards. If you were to kill or capture him, you would deal a significant blow to the enemy's forces."


[26] "Actually, I think that going to the secret shop might be the better option."

"How so?" Daren asks.

"Think about it," I say. "The only reason why that Loyrang guy can't sense us now is because he's inside an underground room covered with seredium. The Overseer said that the secret shop is somewhere in this general area, so if Loyrang goes back to the surface, he'll likely be close enough to detect our auras even if we hide them. That means he will contact his buddies right away and then we'll still only have time to visit one shop. The only difference is that if we don't go to the underground herb store, we won't get to capture him."

"This depends a lot on how much more time this royal guard plans to spend in that store, but I see your point," Daren says. "Maybe we should hurry and head to the secret shop while the guard is still there. Overseer, could you show us the way?"

"Request acknowledged," the Overseer says. "Come with me."


[27] "You're right. It's too risky. We should just go to the other shops, like we originally planned."

"I would highly advise you to reconsider your decision," the Overseer says. "Being able to ambush a royal guard in an underground chamber is a very rare opportunity that should not be discarded so lightly."

"Sorry, Overseer, but there are sick people desperately waiting for those herbs, and their lives are more important," Daren says. "If this 'Loyrang' will still be in that store by the time we're done shopping, we'll try to attack him then. Otherwise, it's not going to happen."


[28] We all follow the green-eyed drone away from the main street and into one of the alleyways on the right side. After about fifty seconds or so of walking behind the Overseer, the drone suddenly stops in front of an abandoned house that has all of its windows broken. Before we get to ask the Overseer anything, the drone begins to speak once again.

"This is where the shop entrance is hidden," the Overseer says. "If you pull away that rug, you'll see that there is a trapdoor underneath it. This unit cannot fit through there, so from here on out you will be on your own. When you are asked for the password, tell the shopkeeper that the password is to 'shut his whore mouth and to open the door before you blow it open'."

"Are you sure that's really a password and not just some guy you overheard threatening the shopkeeper to open the door?" Hadrik says.

We wait for the Overseer to say something, but he remains silent.

"Well?..." Hadrik says. "Aren't you going to answer the question?..."

"Question unclear," the Overseer says. "Unfortunately, the Overseer protocol cannot provide you with--"


[29] "The password is to shut your whore mouth and to open the door before we blow it open," I shout loudly, so the shopkeeper can hear me.

"You've got some nerve to threaten me like that on my own shop's doorstep," the shopkeeper says. "Do you want to know what happened to the last guy who said those words to me?"

"Wait, I think we might have gotten off on the wrong foot!" I say. "I wasn't trying to threaten you or anything. I actually thought this was the password!"

"What kind of a fool do you take me for?" the shopkeeper says. "Only a complete imbecile could possibly believe that a phrase like that has any chance of being a genuine password. Get the hell out of here before I call the guards!"

"Here's an idea," Hadrik says to us in a low voice. "Why don't we just forget about the password and smash through the wall instead? I bet I could shatter it into pieces with a single punch."

"And then what?" Daren says, also making sure to keep his voice down, so that the shopkeeper can't hear him. "Steal the herbs from him? Because he most certainly isn't going to sell them to us after we've destroyed his shop!"


[30] "The password is a drunk orangutan wearing a party hat," I say.

"What is this?..." the shopkeeper says. "A joke? Are you trying to be funny?"

"No, I was just--"

"Shut up," the shopkeeper says. "It's clear that you have no idea what the password is. If I hear another word from you, I'm calling the guards, do you understand?"

"Here's an idea," Hadrik says to us in a low voice. "Why don't we just forget about the password and smash through the wall instead? I bet I could shatter it into pieces with a single punch."

"And then what?" Daren says, also making sure to keep his voice down, so that the shopkeeper can't hear him. "Steal the herbs from him? Because he most certainly isn't going to sell them to us after we've destroyed his shop!"


[31] 

"I already gave you the password and you said it was correct," I say.

"What are you even talking about?..." the shopkeeper says. "Do you think my memory is so short that I can't remember what happened ten seconds ago or something? Get the hell out of here before I call the guards!"

"Here's an idea," Hadrik says to us in a low voice. "Why don't we just forget about the password and smash through the wall instead? I bet I could shatter it into pieces with a single punch."

"And then what?" Daren says, also making sure to keep his voice down, so that the shopkeeper can't hear him. "Steal the herbs from him? Because he most certainly isn't going to sell them to us after we've destroyed his shop!"


[32] 

"I already gave you the password and you said it was correct," I say.

"What?..." the shopkeeper says in a hesitant tone. "When did I... say anything like that?"

"It happened only a few seconds ago!" I say. "You said that the password was correct and that you were going to let us in. You're not seriously going to tell me that you forgot something that happened so recently, are you?"

"Uhm, no, no... Of course not," the shopkeeper says. "I remember what I said. I'll let you in right away."

"What the-- How the hell did you do that?!" Hadrik asks me, while we wait for the store owner to open the secret door.

"It's one of his new stats," Melindra says. "Apparently, at a high enough level, his aura envelops his enemy and it can manipulate them into believing even the most far-fetched lies. This kind of thing will only work on people with very weak control of their aura, though."


[33] "Fine, fine, you got me!" we hear the voice of Loyrang, the dark-skinned guard from yesterday. "I'm coming out!"

When the royal guard exits the storage room, we see that he is holding his hands above his head, like Melindra told him, although it probably wouldn't take him more than a second to grab the two long swords that are hanging from his hip in case of a fight. Despite the situation he is in, the man looks oddly relaxed, and his eyes don't seem to be showing any signs of hostility towards us.

"You seem awfully calm for a man that has just been ambushed by a group of enemies," Kate says, while eying him suspiciously.

"Hey, nobody says that we have to be enemies!" Loyrang replies. "You all seem like a smart bunch. Maybe we can cooperate!"

"You would betray your king just like that?" Illuna says. "Is one small threat all it takes for you to switch sides?"


[34] "We were caught off-guard yesterday. Normally, we should be able to beat those two easily."

"Caught off-guard, eh?" Loyrang says. "I'm not sure if that's what I would call it. From what I saw, it honestly seemed like the captain alone would have been enough to deal with the lot of you."

"That's only because we weren't familiar with the aura manipulation technique that he was using and we didn't know how to counter it at the time," Daren says. "This has changed since then."

"Yeah, and I did a little bit of training last night in preparation for my next fight with Gontrok," Hadrik says. "I guarantee that this time it won't end well for him."


[35] "What are you talking about? We mopped the floor with them yesterday!"

"The only way in which you mopped the floor yesterday was with your own bodies," Loyrang says. "Honestly, I think some of you might have spent more time on the ground than on your feet during that battle. Hell, even if the captain would have fought you all by himself, I still don't think you could have won against him."

"That's only because we weren't familiar with the aura manipulation technique that he was using and we didn't know how to counter it at the time," Daren says. "This has changed since then."

"Yeah, and I did a little bit of training last night in preparation for my next fight with Gontrok," Hadrik says. "I guarantee that this time it won't end well for him."


[36] "What we are expecting to accomplish is none of your business."

"Hey, what you do with your own lives is your choice," Loyrang says. "I'm just saying that maybe you should give it a little more thought before you engage in another suicidal battle, you know? Not to be mean, but I honestly think that even if you had fought the captain alone yesterday, he would have still won against you."

"That's only because we weren't familiar with the aura manipulation technique that he was using and we didn't know how to counter it at the time," Daren says. "This has changed since then."

"Yeah, and I did a little bit of training last night in preparation for my next fight with Gontrok," Hadrik says. "I guarantee that this time it won't end well for him."


[37] "You could let me go!" Loyrang says. "I promise I'm not going to be a bother to you. As soon as I get out of here, I'm heading straight for the town gates, and you will never see me again."

"Or we could tie you up, to be safe..." Daren says. "We have no guarantee that you won't change your mind on your way out of the city."

"Or we could, you know... kill him?" Melindra says. "Don't you think that would be a much easier solution to our problem?"

"I wouldn't recommend doing that," Loyrang says, in a calm but menacing tone. "I may not look like much to you, but I wasn't chosen to be a royal guard for nothing. I'm pretty confident that I could take at least one or two of you down with me if you chose to fight me right now. You wouldn't want things to get messy, would you?"


[38] "It might be a better idea to let him go on his way," I say. "If we leave him here, there is a risk that some other royal guard will find him, untie him and then force him to come fight us."

"That is definitely possible," Daren says. "It might indeed be more prudent to allow him to leave. Loyrang, if we let you go, do you promise that you will head directly for the city gates, without stopping anywhere else on the way?"

"On my word!" Loyrang says.

"Well, at the very least he doesn't seem to be lying..." Melindra says.

"If you're going to leave, then do it now, before some other guard spots you and drags you back," Kate says.


[39] "I say we tie him up," I tell everyone. "It never hurts to be extra safe."

"Actually, I beg to differ," Loyrang says. "In this particular case, being 'safe' might end up hurting you quite a lot, because I have absolutely no intention of letting myself be tied up by you. There is no guarantee for me that you won't try to kill me as soon as you imobilize me. Hell, your friend even suggested earlier that it would be simpler to just murder me. Surely, you're not expecting me to go down without a fight, are you?"

"Okay, Loyrang, we get it," Daren says. "You don't want to be tied up. What are you suggesting, then?"

"If you really want me to stay in this store so badly, you could ask the shopkeeper to lock me up inside his storage room for an hour or two," Loyrang says. "That way, I would still be out of your way, but you would no longer have the opportunity to finish me off while I'm defenseless. Of course, this would mean that you'd need to trust the shopkeeper to not let me out of that room after you're gone, but it would have been the same even if you tied me up, since he could have easily cut the ropes and set me free if he wanted to."


[40] "Oh, you'd like that, wouldn't you?" the shopkeeper says. "Well, maybe you should have thought about that before destroying the entrance to my shop."

"Does... this mean that you're not planning to sell us anything?" Daren says.

"Normally, that's how things would go," the shopkeeper says, "but I heard you people talking about planning to assassinate the king earlier, so clearly you are all out of your minds. I wouldn't put it past you to simply rob my store if I tried to kick you out, so I'd rather just let you shop for whatever you want in the hopes that you will leave my shop as soon as possible. However, if you are expecting me to give you any sort of information regarding the plants that I have for sale, then you are out of luck."

"Yes, I was afraid you might say that," Daren says. "Kelrim, can you help me out a little? I know how some of these herbs are supposed to look, but I'm not sure about all of them."

"Of course," Kelrim says. "I'm right behind you."

Daren and Kelrim spend the next few minutes looking at all the herbs on the shelves and in the storage room, trying to figure out which ones they need as quickly as possible, since we don't really have a lot of time to waste. Eventually, they manage to find most of the herbs they were searching for, except for one of the rare plants that doesn't typically grow around the city of Ollendor. Luckily, they were able to find a good substitute for it, using the information that Rose gave us before coming here.


[41] "Oh, you'd like that, wouldn't you?" the shopkeeper says. "Well, maybe you should have thought about that before destroying the entrance to my shop."

"Does... this mean that you're not planning to sell us anything?" Daren says.

"Normally, that's how things would go," the shopkeeper says, "but I heard you people talking about planning to assassinate the king earlier, so clearly you are all out of your minds. I wouldn't put it past you to simply rob my store if I tried to kick you out, so I'd rather just let you shop for whatever you want in the hopes that you will leave my shop as soon as possible. However, if you are expecting me to give you any sort of information regarding the plants that I have for sale, then you are out of luck."

"Yes, I was afraid you might say that," Daren says. "Kelrim, can you help me out a little? I know how some of these herbs are supposed to look, but I'm not sure about all of them."

"Of course," Kelrim says. "I'm right behind you."

Daren and Kelrim spend the next few minutes looking at all the herbs on the shelves and in the storage room, trying to figure out which ones they need as quickly as possible, since we don't really have a lot of time to waste. Eventually, they manage to find most of the herbs they were searching for, except for one of the rare plants that doesn't typically grow around the city of Ollendor. After realizing that they can't find it, they decide to settle instead for a substitute that was suggested by Kelrim.


[42] "Right," the shopkeeper says. "But first, would you mind moving a little closer to the counter? I want to bring down the seredium wall, and I'd rather not risk squashing you underneath it."

We all do as he says and then he pulls on a lever, causing the wall behind us to slowly descend from the ceiling until it completely covers the entrance to the store.

"So, what is it that you need from me, exactly?" the shopkeeper says once the hidden door is shut. "If you went through the trouble of finding my hidden shop in an area that is full of herbalist stores, I'm guessing that you must be looking for something pretty rare, no?"

"Correct," Daren says. "We want to buy some rainweather leaves and summerglow grass. We heard that your shop has all kinds of rare herbs in stock, so we decided to come here first."

"You do realize that given the difficulty of procuring such herbs in this city, I am going to be charging you five times their normal value, right?" the shopkeeper says.

"Of course," Daren says. "That would be only fair."

"Oh, so you're not going to try and haggle over the price with me?" the shopkeeper says. "That is a pleasant surprise. Hang on a minute. I think I should have what you need somewhere on these shelves behind me."

"Five times the regular price?!" Hadrik whispers to Daren with an exasperated look on his face, as the shopkeeper turns his back on them. "Are you seriously going to put up with that?"


[43] "Greetings," we hear the Overseer's voice coming from the drone, once it gets close enough to us. "Would you by any chance have the time to answer a short survey? It won't take more than a minute." 

"Uhh..." I say. "We're kind of in a hurry here, so if you don't mind--"

"In that case, the Overseer protocol will ask the questions while you walk," the Overseer says, as its green-eyed drone begins to follow us. "Let us begin. First of all, on a scale of one to five, how would you rate your interactions with the Overseer so far?"

"Can we choose 'zero' as a rating?" Hadrik says. "Because you sure as hell haven't given us any useful information since the first time we met you."


[44] 

"Melindra's powers are unreliable, though," I say. "The fact that she managed to keep control of that barrier yesterday does not mean she can do it again today. I think it might be better to let Hadrik handle this."

"Don't worry, I'll make short work of those flying tin cans," Hadrik says. "You guys go on without me. I'll be right with you in a second."

He then turns into an eagle and flies towards one of the red-eyed drones in the sky. Once he reaches it, he turns back into a dwarf and he kicks it in its eye, sending it crashing into the ground.

"Did you really have to encourage him?..." Kate asks me, as we are still moving towards the shop. "You know that he won't be able to take care of them all by himself!"

"Yeah, but at least he's durable enough that we won't need to worry about him getting hurt," I say. "He will destroy as many drones as he can, and we'll just have to deal with what's left."

"Something tells me that what is left will be the majority of the drones, but there's no use arguing about it now," Kate says. "Let's try getting as close as we can to the shop before we are ambushed."

As Kate predicted, the flying metal balls soon realize that Hadrik isn't enough of a threat to be worth all of their attention, and they continue to send the main bulk of their forces towards the rest of us.


[45] 



"Melindra's powers are unreliable, though," I say. "The fact that she managed to keep control of that barrier yesterday does not mean she can do it again today. I think it might be better to let Hadrik handle this."

"Don't worry, I'll make short work of those flying tin cans," Hadrik says. "You guys go on without me. I'll be right with you in a second."

He then turns into an eagle and flies towards one of the red-eyed drones in the sky. Once he reaches it, he turns back into a dwarf and he kicks it in its eye, sending it crashing into the ground.

"Did you really have to encourage him?..." Kate asks me, as we are still moving towards the shop. "You know that he won't be able to take care of them all by himself!"

"Yeah, but at least he's durable enough that we won't need to worry about him getting hurt," I say. "He will destroy as many drones as he can, and we'll just have to deal with what's left."

"Something tells me that what is left will be the majority of the drones, but there's no use arguing about it now," Kate says. "Let's try getting as close as we can to the shop before we are ambushed."

As Kate predicted, the flying metal balls soon realize that Hadrik isn't enough of a threat to be worth all of their attention, and they continue to send the main bulk of their forces towards the rest of us.


[46] 

As Kate predicted, the flying metal balls soon realize that Hadrik isn't enough of a threat to be worth all of their attention, and they continue to send the main bulk of their forces towards the rest of us.


[47] 



As Kate predicted, the flying metal balls soon realize that Hadrik isn't enough of a threat to be worth all of their attention, and they continue to send the main bulk of their forces towards the rest of us.


[48] "Fine. In that case, no, you weren't clear enough yesterday."

"Thank you for completing the survey," the Overseer says. "I will now be sending down several drones to kill you. Have a nice day!"

"Yeah, you have a nice day too, jackass," I say, as the green-eyed drone flies back into the sky.

"Damn it, we do not have time for this," Daren says, as we keep advancing towards our destination. "Kelrim, how close are we to the nearest herbal shop?"

"If we make a run for it, we might be able to get to one of the stores in two minutes or less," Kelrim says.

"Okay, you start running towards the shop and we'll be right behind you," Daren says. "Go, go, go!"


[49] "Fine. In that case, yes, you were clear enough yesterday."

"Thank you for completing the survey," the Overseer says. "I will now be sending down several drones to kill you. Have a nice day!"

"Yeah, you have a nice day too, jackass," I say, as the green-eyed drone flies back into the sky.

"Damn it, we do not have time for this," Daren says, as we keep advancing towards our destination. "Kelrim, how close are we to the nearest herbal shop?"

"If we make a run for it, we might be able to get to one of the stores in two minutes or less," Kelrim says.

"Okay, you start running towards the shop and we'll be right behind you," Daren says. "Go, go, go!"


[50] "Maybe Rose could help," I say. "If she were to freeze time for thirty seconds like yesterday, we might be able to reach the shop without doing any actual fighting."

"Rose was having a lot of trouble maintaining her spell for those full thirty seconds last time," Kate says. "She even almost fainted afterwards. I wouldn't want to risk her getting hurt when we have other alternatives."

"Even if she were to hold it for only twenty seconds, it could still be enough for us to shake off these drones," I say. "I'll tell Rose to not overdo it, and to only hold the spell until she begins to feel slightly uncomfortable. Just a second. I'm calling her now."

I then take out my transceiver, I make sure that the dial is set to Rose's number and I tap the device once.

"Hey, Rose, are you awake?" I say.

"Yes, I was cooking," Rose says. "Anything wrong?"

"Sort of," I say. "We're being chased by some drones and we could use some help."

"...Drones?" Rose asks, confused. "What are 'drones'?"

"I'll explain later," I say. "For now, could you freeze time for anyone except us, like you did yesterday? We don't need you to hold the spell for thirty seconds again, but even twenty seconds could make a huge difference."


[51] 

"I think she might be right, Hadrik," I say. "Her attacks are much better suited for these types of enemies."

"Alright, fine..." Hadrik says. "In that case, I'll move to the front of the group and try to destroy the metal balls that block our path."

"Melindra, let's go," Kate says, as she conjures an ice platform below her feet.

"...You do realize that I still don't have full control of my powers, right?" Melindra says. "I cannot guarantee that I'll be able to hold the barrier against all these drones."

"I'm sure you'll do fine," Kate says. "Come on, get on the platform."

Melindra shrugs, and then she gets closer to Kate, as the two of them are now raising themselves higher into the air to fight the drones.

"Let's keep moving," Daren tells us. "Kate and Melindra will follow us from above."

After we run for a few more seconds, I take a glance upwards to see how Kate and Melindra are doing. To my surprise, it seems that Melindra's barrier is almost completely ineffective against these drones' elemental attacks. In fact, her wind barrier looks like it could be collapsing any moment. Maybe letting them fight all those drones by themselves wasn't such a good idea.


[52] 



"I think she might be right, Hadrik," I say. "Her attacks are much better suited for these types of enemies."

"Alright, fine..." Hadrik says. "In that case, I'll move to the front of the group and try to destroy the metal balls that block our path."

"Melindra, let's go," Kate says, as she conjures an ice platform below her feet.

"...You do realize that I still don't have full control of my powers, right?" Melindra says. "I cannot guarantee that I'll be able to hold the barrier against all these drones."

"I'm sure you'll do fine," Kate says. "Come on, get on the platform."

Melindra shrugs, and then she gets closer to Kate, as the two of them are now raising themselves higher into the air to fight the drones.

"Let's keep moving," Daren tells us. "Kate and Melindra will follow us from above."

After we run for a few more seconds, I take a glance upwards to see how Kate and Melindra are doing. To my surprise, it seems that Melindra's barrier is almost completely ineffective against these drones' elemental attacks. In fact, her wind barrier looks like it could be collapsing any moment. Maybe letting them fight all those drones by themselves wasn't such a good idea.


[53] "Maybe Rose could help," I say. "If she were to freeze time for thirty seconds like yesterday, we might be able to reach the shop without doing any actual fighting."

"Rose was having a lot of trouble maintaining her spell for those full thirty seconds last time," Kate says. "She even almost fainted afterwards. I wouldn't want to risk her getting hurt when we have other alternatives."

"Even if she were to hold it for only twenty seconds, it could still be enough for us to shake off these drones," I say. "I'll tell Rose to not overdo it, and to only hold the spell until she begins to feel slightly uncomfortable. Just a second. I'm calling her now."

I then take out my transceiver, I make sure that the dial is set to Rose's number and I tap the device once.

"Hey, Rose, are you awake?" I say.

"...No, Barry, I wasn't awake," Rose says in a sleepy voice. "You're the one who told me to go back to sleep, remember?"

"Oh right, sorry about that," I say. "We could really use your help, though. We're being chased by some drones and--"

"Drones?..." Rose says, in the same sleepy tone. "What are 'drones'?"


[54] As we manage to put some distance between ourselves and most of the drones that were getting ready to attack us, Rose finally cancels her spell and the time gets unfrozen again.

"That's about as much as I can handle right now," Rose says, in a slightly tired voice. "I hope it was enough."

"It was more than enough," I say. "Thanks a lot. Talk to you later!"

"Bye, and be careful!" Rose says.

"Alright," I say, as I tap the transceiver and put it back in my pocket. "Those drones are still in a state of confusion, trying to figure out how we disappeared from under their noses. With a little luck, maybe we'll reach the shop without a fight breaking out between us and them."

"The closest herbal store isn't far from here," Kelrim says. "I think we might make it. This way!"

He then runs into a small alleyway and we all follow him for about twenty more seconds until he stops in front of a building that has a big sign on top of it saying 'Welcome to Pete's Herbal Shop. Best quality herbs in town. Now on sale!'


[55] "What happens if I don't answer the question?"

"Then this unit will have to keep following you until you finish the survey," the Overseer says.

"And just to be clear... your drones won't be attacking us until after we're done with the survey, right?" I say.

"That is correct," the Overseer says.

"Well, in that case, I guess you're coming with us," I say.

"It's going to be a bit difficult keeping a low profile with this drone constantly flying above us," Daren says, "but I suppose it's better than starting a huge fight in the middle of the city. Alright, let's keep heading towards that shop."

As we continue to follow Kelrim, the green-eyed drone flies close to my position, reminding me every thirty seconds or so that I haven't finished answering the survey yet. After the fourth time in a row of the drone repeating the exact same thing to me, Hadrik finally snaps.


[56] "I didn't fool him," I say. "He is taking advantage of a flaw in his design in order to disobey a direct order from the lessathi who is trying to control him. I'm pretty sure that he'd rather keep his drones intact than risk losing them in a fight against us again."

"I don't know, Barry," Hadrik says. "It sounds to me like you're making a lot of baseless assumptions just so you can keep believing your theory. But no matter his reason, as long as he's going to keep the rest of his drones away from us, I guess it's fine by me."

"This is a reminder that you have still not completed the survey," the Overseer tells me again. "If you no longer remember the previous question, please feel free to ask, and you will be given all the necessary details."

"Oh boy..." Hadrik says. "Hey, Kelrim, are we getting closer to that shop, by any chance?"

"We will be there soon," Kelrim says. "Come this way!"

He then walks into a small alleyway and we all follow him for about forty more seconds until he stops in front of a building that has a big sign on top of it saying 'Welcome to Pete's Herbal Shop. Best quality herbs in town. Now on sale!'

"This is it," Kelrim says. "Let's go inside."

As I try to head for the door, the green-eyed drone also follows closely behind me. Not wanting to risk the drone following me inside and damaging the store, I decide to stay outside while the others go to help Daren and Kelrim pick the herbs they need.


[57] "Yes."

"You have selected the answer 'Yes'," the Overseer says. "Thank you for completing the survey. Have a nice day!"

The green-eyed metal ball then flies high into the air and it joins all of the other drones that are patrolling the skies. A little while later, Daren and the others begin to exit the shop and once they're outside, they look around me, confused.

"Where did the Overseer go?" Daren says. "Is he going to send his drones after us?"

"No," I say. "He told me that he was issued an order to pull back all of his units. His green-eyed metal ball then flew back to the sky, and he hasn't sent any other drones down here since."


[58] "No."

"You have selected the answer 'No'," the Overseer says. "Thank you for completing the survey. Have a nice day!"

The green-eyed metal ball then flies high into the air and it joins all of the other drones that are patrolling the skies. A little while later, Daren and the others begin to exit the shop and once they're outside, they look around me, confused.

"Where did the Overseer go?" Daren says. "Is he going to send his drones after us?"

"No," I say. "He told me that he was issued an order to pull back all of his units. His green-eyed metal ball then flew back to the sky, and he hasn't sent any other drones down here since."


[59] "Yes or n-"

"You have selected the answer 'Yes'," the Overseer says, making sure to not let me finish what I was about to say. "Thank you for completing the survey. Have a nice day!"

The green-eyed metal ball then flies high into the air and it joins all of the other drones that are patrolling the skies. A little while later, Daren and the others begin to exit the shop and once they're outside, they look around me, confused.

"Where did the Overseer go?" Daren says. "Is he going to send his drones after us?"

"No," I say. "He told me that he was issued an order to pull back all of his units. His green-eyed metal ball then flew back to the sky, and he hasn't sent any other drones down here since."


[60] "Sorry, I'm not answering."

"You are putting me in a difficult position," the Overseer says.

"Hey, if you want my answer so badly, you could always try bribing me," I say. "For example, right now I'd like to know why you were ordered to pull back your drones."

"Unfortunately, the information you are requesting is classified," the Overseer says. "I am unable to comply with your demands."

"I guess you'll have to stick around for a while longer, then," I say.

Not long after I finish my conversation with the Overseer, Daren and the others begin to exit the shop, one by one.

"So, did the Overseer say anything interesting while we were inside?" Daren says, once everyone is out.

"Yeah," I say. "He told me that he received an order to make all his drones retreat. He wouldn't tell me why he was given that order when I asked him, though."


[61] "I don't know what to say, Pete!" Hadrik says, as he takes a short glance at all the wares being displayed on the shelves. "Your herbs look good and all, but the guy from the other shop told me that his merchandise was even better. Best in the whole world, he said! Kinda hard to top that quality, don't you agree, Pete?"

"What other guy are you talking about?" Pete says. "Is it Ben? That guy's a crook! You can't trust him! I always tell everyone to stay away from Ben and his scams, but they won't listen!"

"Yeah, but you see, Ben offered us some really good deals," Hadrik says, with half a grin. "Even with the sale you've got going on here, your prices still don't compare."

"That's because Ben is selling you his worst herbs in stock and trying to make it seem like he's doing you a favor!" Pete says. "Trust me, I know how he operates!"

"I don't know what to believe, Pete," Hadrik says. "I mean, I'm no plant expert but those herbs of his looked pretty damn good. And he did say that they were the best in the world..."

"Look, I know what kind of 'deals' Ben makes," Pete tells Hadrik. "Here's what I'm going to do. I'll give you an even better deal, so you'll forget all about that con-artist and his rotten merchandise. Just name the plants that you want, and I'll give you the best prices in this whole damn district!"


[62] 

I get closer to the shelves so I can see the writing on one of the labels a little better. As I focus hard on the letters, it suddenly dawns upon me that what I'm looking at is not just some ugly handwriting, but a completely different writing style that stopped being used hundreds of years ago. Even though it's still technically written in the Common language, if you've never learned how to write like this, you would have no chance of understanding it. 

I have no idea who taught Pete to write like this or why he would choose to use this peculiar writing style on the labels from his shop, but at least now I can figure out what plants are on these shelves. Alright, let's see what we have here... On the top shelves we've got ambermayn pistil, drawsnap seeds, treddil roots... Then we have dragon claw, dragon fang, dragon tooth... Damn, whoever was tasked with naming these herbs must have really given up halfway through, huh? 

Okay, on the other shelves we have mistwatchers, dawnbloomers and... summerglow grass? Yeah, I read that right. There's definitely some summerglow grass on one of these shelves. And quite a lot of it too. I wonder why the shopkeeper would lie to us about this?

"I have your plants here in this bag," Pete says to Daren, as he exits the storage room with a small bag in his hands. "If you want fewer of them, you can leave some on the counter."


[63] "Wow, these really don't look the way I expected," Daren says, as he opens the bag to get a closer look at the summerglow grass. "I would have thought that they would look more umm... more like..."

"More like grass?" Pete says. "Yes, these herbs have quite a misleading name, don't they? At most, you could call them weeds, but they are nowhere close to what most people would consider to be grass. Unfortunately, too many people know them by this name already, so it's too late to change it, even if it is a little confusing at first. Ah well... So, is there anything else you need, or would this be all?"

"That's all for now," Daren says. "Thanks a lot! We'll make sure to come here again if we need anything else."

He then leaves some coins on the counter and says goodbye to the shopkeeper, while the rest of us begin to walk out of the store.


[64] 

I get closer to one of the shelves so I can see the writing on one of the labels a little better. Unfortunately, no matter how close I am, there's still no way for me to understand any of the words. Even if it appears to be written in the Common language, the handwriting itself is so ugly that it's completely unreadable. Seeing that I'm making no progress, I eventually decide to step back and to return where my friends are waiting behind the counter.

"I have your plants here in this bag," Pete says to Daren, as he exits the storage room with a small bag in his hands. "If you want fewer of them, you can leave some on the counter."

"It's fine," Daren says. "I'll take the whole bag."

"Okay, so is there anything else you need, or would this be all?" Pete says.


[65] "That's all for now," Daren says. "Thanks a lot! We'll make sure to come here again if we need anything else."

He then leaves some coins on the counter and says goodbye to the shopkeeper, while the rest of us begin to walk out of the store.


[66] 

I get a little closer to the counter so I can have a better look at the plants on the shelves, but with my limited knowledge of herbs in general, I do not find anything that could be of interest to us.

"I have your plants here in this bag," Pete says to Daren, as he exits the storage room with a small bag in his hands. "If you want fewer of them, you can leave some on the counter."

"It's fine," Daren says. "I'll take the whole bag."

"Okay, so is there anything else you need, or would this be all?" Pete says.


[67] 

I get a little closer to the counter so I can have a better look at the plants on the shelves. While my limited knowledge of herbs in general prevents me from recognizing a lot of them, what I do notice is that not all plants on the shelves are arranged in the same way. Some of them seem to be neatly tied up with ribbons, while most of the others are simply thrown there without much care. Usually, when I see this done in shops it's to make a distinction between the merchandise that is for sale to normal customers and the merchandise that has been ordered in advance. I wonder if it's the same case here...

"I have your plants here in this bag," Pete says to Daren, as he exits the storage room with a small bag in his hands. "If you want fewer of them, you can leave some on the counter."

"Hey, if you don't mind me asking," I tell the shopkeeper, "why are some of the plants on those shelves tied with ribbons?"

"Oh, it's because they are meant for people who ordered them in advance," Pete says.

"And there wouldn't happen to be any summerglow grass among those plants tied with ribbons, would there?" I say.


[68] "How did it go with the shopkeeper?" I ask Daren, as we all land next to him, in front of the store's entrance. "Did you get everything you needed?"

"Almost," Daren says. "We couldn't find any summerglow grass or crownwick herbs, but the shopkeeper gave us a replacement that will hopefully be just as good. So, where are all the drones? Did you manage to destroy them all?"

"Not exactly," I say. "We held them off for a while, but then they just decided to retreat all of a sudden. I have no idea why."

"I think I know the reason," Melindra says. "The drones were probably told to fall back so that they wouldn't interfere with the royal guards that have been sent to capture us. I'm sensing a few of them heading towards us as we speak. I'm detecting Gontrok, the captain and some third guy who isn't a mage coming from one side, while the royal guard who didn't join the fight against us last time is coming this way from the opposite side, along with some mage that I don't recognize."

"Then I'll have to call Barry so he can teleport us out of here right away," Daren says, as he quickly pulls out his transceiver.

"Hey, Barry, can you hear us?" Daren says into the transceiver after he taps it once.


[69] "How did it go with the shopkeeper?" I ask Daren, as we all land next to him, in front of the store's entrance. "Did you get everything you needed?"

"Yeah," Daren says. "They didn't have the exact herbs we needed, but we managed to find suitable replacements thanks to the info we got from Rose. So, where are all the drones? Did you manage to destroy them all?"

"Not exactly," I say. "We held them off for a while, but then they just decided to retreat all of a sudden. I have no idea why."

"I think I know the reason," Melindra says. "The drones were probably told to fall back so that they wouldn't interfere with the royal guards that have been sent to capture us. I'm sensing a few of them heading towards us as we speak. I'm detecting Gontrok, the captain and some third guy who isn't a mage coming from one side, while the royal guard who didn't join the fight against us last time is coming this way from the opposite side, along with some mage that I don't recognize."

"Then I'll have to call Barry so he can teleport us out of here right away," Daren says, as he quickly pulls out his transceiver.

"Hey, Barry, can you hear us?" Daren says into the transceiver after he taps it once.


[70] We wait for a few seconds, but there is no answer.

"Barry, are you there?" Daren says again, this time in a louder voice.

Once more, the transceiver remains silent.

"I'll try calling him as well," Kelrim says, as he pulls out a transceiver of his own out of his white robes. "Barry, this is Kelrim! Are you in the teleporter room?"

"It's no use," Daren says, after we wait a few more seconds. "I think someone may be blocking our signal."

"I'm willing to bet good money that this is the Overseer's doing!" Hadrik says. "That would also explain why the royal guards were able to find us so fast. The bastard ratted us out!"

"Well, Overseer?" I say, as I look at the green-eyed drone. "What do you have to say for yourself?"

"Unfortunately, this is not a valid answer for the survey," the Overseer says. "If you want to hear the question again--"

"Never mind," I tell him.


[71] We wait for a few seconds, but there is no answer.

"Barry, are you there?" Daren says again, this time in a louder voice.

Once more, the transceiver remains silent.

"I'll try calling him as well," Kelrim says, as he pulls out a transceiver of his own out of his white robes. "Barry, this is Kelrim! Are you in the teleporter room?"

"It's no use," Daren says, after we wait a few more seconds. "I think someone may be blocking our signal."

"I'm willing to bet good money that this is the Overseer's doing!" Hadrik says. "That would also explain why the royal guards were able to find us so fast. The bastard ratted us out!"


[72] "Maybe we could go a little further down the road and try calling him again from there?"

"I suppose we could try that," Daren says. "Although at this point I'm beginning to have my doubts that we'll be able to get out of here without a fight."

As we move away from that area, Kelrim tries calling someone else from the rebel base on the transceiver, to see if he has more luck.

"Roberta, can you hear me?" the goblin says into the transceiver, as we're still walking. "Please, I need your help!"

"Who are you trying to call?" Daren asks him.

"A nurse that I've been working together with in the quarantine zone," Kelrim says. "Since we don't know how this signal block actually works, I was thinking that maybe if I'm able to reach somebody else, she could contact Barry for us instead."

"That's not going to work," Kate says. "There's too much seredium between us and any other part of the rebel base except the teleporter room for the signal to get through, even if it's not being blocked. Daren's transceivers are the only ones powerful enough to function properly through such a thick layer of seredium, and even they work inconsistently, as far as I've seen."


[73] "You can hear me?" the teleporter guy says. "Thank goodness! Okay, I'll try transporting you here right away!"

We then hear the teleporter guy pushing some buttons for around ten seconds, but nothing seems to be happening.

"It's... not working..." the teleporter guy says. "I don't know what's happening! It's like the device doesn't even recognize your auras. Could you try calming down a little? Maybe if your auras fluctuate less, the teleporter might be able to get a better lock on them!"

"It's a little hard to be any calmer than we already are when all the royal guards are breathing down our necks, thundercloud," Hadrik says.


[74] "You can hear me?" the teleporter guy says. "Thank goodness! Okay, I'll try transporting you here right away!"

We then hear the teleporter guy pushing some buttons for around ten seconds, but nothing seems to be happening.

"It's... not working..." the teleporter guy says. "I don't know what's happening! It's like the device doesn't even recognize your auras. Could you try calming down a little? Maybe if your auras fluctuate less, the teleporter might be able to get a better lock on them!"

"It's a little hard to be any calmer than we already are when all the royal guards are breathing down our necks, thundercloud," Hadrik says.


[75] "This is clearly not working. Can't we focus on preparing for the fight instead?"

"I mean, we could, but is there really anything to talk about that we haven't covered already in our last strategy meeting?" Daren says. "Hadrik will deal with Gontrok, I'll try to deal with the captain, and the rest of you should focus on taking out the others as quickly as possible. Melindra, how many enemies are headed our way?"

"I'm counting around seven people that have been heading consistently in our direction since we left the shop," Melindra says. "The ones I recognize are Gontrok, the captain and 'Loyrang', or whatever his name was. Three of the others are mages, and one of them appears to be a normal human, although he might be using lessathi devices as weapons."


[76] "This is clearly not working. Can't we focus on preparing for the fight instead?"

"I mean, we could, but is there really anything to talk about that we haven't covered already in our last strategy meeting?" Daren says. "Hadrik will deal with Gontrok, I'll try to deal with the captain, and the rest of you should focus on taking out the others as quickly as possible. Melindra, how many enemies are headed our way?"

"I'm counting around seven people that have been heading consistently in our direction since we left the shop," Melindra says. "The ones I recognize are Gontrok, the captain and Loyrang. Three of the others are mages, and one of them appears to be a normal human, although he might be using lessathi devices as weapons."

"Loyrang's coming back?..." I say, confused. "But why? Didn't he say that he was going to leave the city?"

"It seems that he was intercepted by one of the other royal guards on his way out," Melindra says. "He was probably not given much of a choice."

"Ah, crap..." I say.


[77] "This is clearly not working. Can't we focus on preparing for the fight instead?"

"I mean, we could, but is there really anything to talk about that we haven't covered already in our last strategy meeting?" Daren says. "Hadrik will deal with Gontrok, I'll try to deal with the captain, and the rest of you should focus on taking out the others as quickly as possible. Melindra, how many enemies are headed our way?"

"I'm counting around six people that have been heading consistently in our direction since we left the shop," Melindra says. "The only ones I recognize are Gontrok and the captain. Three of the others are mages, and one of them appears to be a normal human, although he might be using lessathi devices as weapons."


[78] "Hey guys, so I know this is kind of sudden, but I have a little confession to make," I say. 

"Now's not really the time, Barry..." Daren says.

"I know, but try to bear with me, here," I say. "It will only take a second. Anyway, so recently I just discovered the fact that my survival instincts may be slightly defective and--"

"Wait, you only discovered that recently?" Hadrik says, shocked.

"Yes," I say. "I came to that realization during the God of Time's ritual. Ever since then, I've been trying to be more careful about my decisions, but--"

"You've been trying to be more careful about your decisions by... asking Arraka how to kill a god and then convincing us all to go along with your crazy plan?..." Daren asks me, perplexed.

"Aside from that!" I say. "Look, the point I'm trying to make is that I know I can make some really, really insane decisions sometimes, but I'm trying to improve, and I'd appreciate it if you guys helped me out with that. In other words, if you hear me coming up with a dumb plan in the future, just smack me over the back of the head or something. That way I'll at least know to tone it down a bit."

