
[1] 

[2] "Hmm..." Daren says, as we all stop moving to get a good look at what he's doing. "I suppose it's worth a shot. Let's see..."

He then throws his sword ahead of him again, but this time he no longer points his hand towards it. He just squints his eyes at his weapon, trying hard to focus. To all of our surprise, this time around the sword lifts itself from the ground immediately and it flies with its hilt directly into Daren's hand without him even needing to move his arm to catch it.

"That was it?!" Daren says. "That's all I had to do? What the hell? I thought I would need at least weeks of training for this! If it's this easy, then why doesn't everyone do it?"

"It's not that easy, you dope," Arraka says. "You obviously have a natural affinity for aura manipulation, or else you wouldn't have learned it so fast. If you were to ask some random mage to do the exact same thing you did just now, they would almost certainly fail. Hell, if you weren't such a blockhead when it comes to actually understanding the basics of how auras work, you might even become decently good at this."


[3] She then shows us her right palm, which is facing downwards with an ice dagger stuck to it. The dagger slowly begins to drop from her hand, as if it were still being held by an invisible gooey fluid, until it finally detaches itself completely and falls to the ground.

"Hey, that's not half-bad for an elementalist," Arraka says. "What made you want to try out the same technique as Daren, though?"

"You're the one who told us that we should test to see if we can use aura manipulation or not," Kate says. "I just decided to try this technique instead of the weapon summoning one because it seemed a little easier."

"Oh, I get it now!" Daren says, as the sword slowly gets detached from his hand as well. "The aura can't turn back to its original form directly. You need to undo the process by following the same steps in reverse. That's why I couldn't simply imagine the glue disappearing and had to turn it back into a liquid first!"

"Yes, you just figured out an elementary fact about auras," Arraka says, as Daren now picks his sword back up from the ground. "Have a cookie."

"Well, I would, but Barry has been a little stingy with his biscuits lately," Daren says.

"I already told you that I don't have many of them left!" I say. "I'm saving them for special occasions!"

"Umm... don't you guys think we should get moving?" Flower says. "We're not that far from the teleporter, and we've just been standing around ever since Daren began to test his new techniques..."


[4] He then extends his right arm in front of him with the palm facing downwards, and we see the sword slowly beginning to drop from his hand, as if it were still being held by an invisible gooey fluid, until it finally detaches itself completely and falls to the ground. 

"Oh, now I get it!" Daren says, as he picks his sword back up. "The aura can't turn back to its original form directly. You need to undo the process by following the same steps in reverse. That's why I couldn't simply imagine the glue disappearing and had to turn it back into a liquid first!"

"Yes, you just figured out an elementary fact about auras," Arraka says. "Have a cookie."

"Well, I would, but Barry has been a little stingy with his biscuits lately," Daren says.

"I already told you that I don't have many of them left!" I say. "I'm saving them for special occasions!"

"Umm... don't you guys think we should get moving?" Flower says. "We're not that far from the teleporter, and we've just been standing around ever since Daren began to test his new techniques..."


[5] "Well, there were three of us Barrys in the same neighborhood when we were growing up," the teleporter guy says. "It was getting a bit difficult to tell who we were talking about when we were playing outside, so we decided to give each other nicknames. Unfortunately, being the brats that we were, we ended up giving each other the most insulting nicknames that we could possibly think of, and so our newly chosen designations quickly became useless, because none of us were stupid enough to respond when we were being called names like slowpoke, monobrow or fat face. That was when... when my little brother stepped in. He told us to stop fighting, and that he would make up some better nicknames for us which we would have no reason to refuse. He always was the voice of reason in our group. Even when we were little..."


[6] "What did you just call me?..." the teleporter guy says, as he temporarily stops pressing the buttons on his desk.

"Slowpoke," Arraka says. "Slowpoke is what I called you. Isn't that your original nickname?"

"Why would you think that?" the teleporter guy says.

"Well, you mentioned earlier that the three initial nicknames you guys had were slowpoke, monobrow and fat face," Arraka says. "Since you clearly have two separate eyebrows and your weight is slightly below average, I have concluded by simple process of elimination that your nickname used to be 'slowpoke'. Also, you are a bit slow, so there's that too."

"Those nicknames were only examples!" the teleporter guy says. "And besides, how can you even be so sure that I didn't use to be fat as a kid, or that I didn't pluck my eyebrows since then?"

"Your desperate attempts at denying the truth are only making you look guiltier, slowpoke," Arraka says.


[7] As we begin to walk behind the goblin, Illuna suddenly addresses Arraka in a low voice.

"Well, Arraka?" Illuna says. "Are you going to tell us what you found out about Barry 'thundercloud', or are you planning to keep it all to yourself?"

"Eh?" Arraka says. "What are you mumbling about?"


[8] "In terms of durability, I'd give this wall a six out of ten," Hadrik says in an unimpressed tone. "Not too terrible, but not that great either. Hey, look, there really was a shop back here!"

As Hadrik walks over the rubble and we move to follow him, we see that the room behind the crumbled wall is full of shelves containing many different varieties of herbs. There also seems to be a door on the other side of the room which likely leads into some kind of storage. As the shop owner is finally mustering up the courage to speak, I can't help but notice that the door to the storage room is slightly open.

"D-do you have any idea what you've--" the shopkeeper says, but his voice gets drowned out by Melindra, who is now shouting loudly while looking directly at the door on the other side of the room.

"There's no use trying to mask your aura, royal guard," Melindra says. "I can sense you hiding in that room behind the counter. How about you come out slowly, with your hands where we can see them, and nobody will have to get hurt?"


[9] "I suppose that does make sense, given Gontrok's personality," Hadrik says.

"Never mind Gontrok's motivations," Daren says. "Tell us something that can help us beat the royal guards! What do you know about their plans?"

"Plans?" Loyrang says. "What plans? The king put the ambassador from Thilias in charge of all the strategies. That guy's a moron. The only thing that he actually organized is the order in which the guards are raiding the civilian houses. He has no real strategy for when we're supposed to fight you, and the captain can't even keep half of his current troops under control. In all likelihood, Gontrok is probably going to charge ahead like he always does, and the others will need to rush after him to back him up. Aside from this, it all depends on how well you'll match up against each individual royal guard. I mean, you already saw how well you handled yourselves against Gontrok and the captain, so I'm not exactly sure what you're expecting to accomplish."


[10] "Well, there are three others, but I haven't really seen them fight all that much," Loyrang says. "Usually, the captain just takes care of everything in a flash, and everyone else is then tasked with cleaning things up. I'm pretty sure that the one who always wears a red cape uses illusion magic. The other two may be elementalists of some kind, but I couldn't say for sure."

"That doesn't give us much to go on, but at least it's a start," Daren says. "Now, the question is... what are we supposed to do with you?"


[11] When we reach the surface, we put back the rug on top of the trapdoor so that people won't be able to find the secret shop by accident, and we exit the abandoned house. The Overseer seems to have left while we were inside, because his green-eyed drone is nowhere in sight.

"So, what now?" Hadrik says, as soon as we're all out in the alleyway. "Are we going back to the rebel base?"

"If we need to go back there, then we have to do it now," Melindra says. "Our position has already been compromised. Most of the royal guards are heading towards us as we speak."

"Then I'll have to call Barry so he can teleport us out of here right away," Daren says, as he quickly pulls out his transceiver.

"Hey, Barry, can you hear us?" Daren says into the transceiver after he taps it once. 


[12] "So, what now?" Hadrik says, as soon as we're all out in the alleyway. "Are we going back to the rebel base?"

"If we need to go back there, then we have to do it now," Melindra says. "Our position has already been compromised. Most of the royal guards are heading towards us as we speak."

"Then I'll have to call Barry so he can teleport us out of here right away," Daren says, as he quickly pulls out his transceiver.

"Hey, Barry, can you hear us?" Daren says into the transceiver after he taps it once. 


[13] We continue to follow Kelrim and after a while we enter a small alleyway that leads us directly where we want to go. About forty seconds of walking later, we stop in front of a building that has a big sign on top of it saying 'Welcome to Pete's Herbal Shop. Best quality herbs in town. Now on sale!'

"This is it," Kelrim says. "Let's go inside."

We walk through the door one by one, making sure to close it once we're all in. Before we get the chance to take a good look around, the shopkeeper greets us in a loud voice.

"Welcome to Pete's Herbal Shop," the shopkeeper says. "I'm Pete. Please take a look around. I guarantee that you won't find merchandise of better quality anywhere in Ollendor!"

The shopkeeper standing behind the counter does not seem to be scared of us or be apprehensive in any way, as opposed to the other store owners we've seen through the windows on our way here. In fact, he seems to be quite excited that he finally gets the chance to sell some of his merchandise, considering how empty the streets are right now. As Daren is getting ready to address the store owner, Hadrik beats him to the punch and starts talking in a loud tone as well, to match that of the shopkeeper.


[14] Fortunately, my combat technique stat allows me to predict the enemy movements well enough to not get caught off guard by them during the fight. With Flower and Kate killing drones alongside me in the air and Leila handling the ones closer to the ground, we finally manage to thin their numbers enough to cause them to retreat. We take advantage of this opportunity to head towards the shop where we saw Daren entering, while we were fighting in the sky. By the time we reach the place, Daren and Kelrim seem to have already finished their shopping because they are coming out the door now, along with Hadrik.


[15] Eventually, I get overwhelmed and I do not notice one of the metal balls sneaking up behind me.

Luckily for me, when the drone tries to shock me with an electric attack, my aura hardening stat and my partial resistance to electricity due to being a half-lessathi protect me from most of the damage. I then quickly turn around and shoot the drone in its eye, killing it on the spot. I manage to avoid all other ambushes after this, and eventually the Overseer chooses to withdraw his drones, going for a temporary tactical retreat. We take advantage of this opportunity to head towards the shop where we saw Daren entering, while we were fighting in the sky. By the time we reach the place, Daren and Kelrim seem to have already finished their shopping because they are coming out the door now, along with Hadrik.


[16] Eventually, I get overwhelmed and I do not notice one of the metal balls sneaking up behind me.

The drone shocks me with an electrical current, but my partial resistance to electricity due to being a half-lessathi isn't enough to protect me from the damage. It only takes a few more seconds until I lose my consciousness and then my heart slowly stops beating for good.


[17] "I'm on it!" Hadrik says. "You guys go on ahead without me. I'll catch up to you in a sec."

Hadrik then turns into an eagle and flies towards one of the red-eyed drones in the sky. Once he reaches it, he turns back into a dwarf and he kicks it in its eye, sending it crashing into the ground.

"Great..." Kate tells me, as we are still moving towards the shop. "Now he's going to try and stop those drones by himself. You do realize that he has no chance of taking them all out on his own, right?"

"Yeah, but at least he's durable enough that we won't need to worry about him getting hurt," I say. "He will destroy as many drones as he can, and we'll just have to deal with what's left."

"Something tells me that what is left will be the majority of the drones, but there's no use complaining about it now," Kate says. "Let's try getting as close as we can to the shop before we are ambushed."


[18] My combat technique stat allows me to predict the movements of the flying metal balls well enough to avoid getting outmaneuvered. Even though we appear to be doing a pretty good job of keeping our enemies at bay, there's still a large number of drones coming our way, which means that we can't really move from our position and because of this Daren and the others are getting further away from us the more we fight. Fortunately, I see Daren waving at me from a distance, and once I wave back, he goes inside one of the buildings along with Kelrim, Leila and Hadrik.

Perfect. Now that I know where the shop is, we can keep fighting these drones without any worries of getting left behind.

We keep on shooting the metal balls for a while longer, until a certain moment when they all stop attacking us all of a sudden and they retreat in unison. We choose to be thankful for this turn of events and instead of chasing after them, we fly towards the herbal store, so we can meet up with Daren.

By the time we arrive, it seems that Daren has already finished his shopping, because he is now coming out of the store and so is everyone else.


[19] Luckily for me, when the drone shoots a beam of ice at me, my aura hardening stat protects me from freezing to death, even though I'm still feeling almost as cold as if I'd bathed in a river. I quickly turn around and shoot the drone in its eye, killing it on the spot.

"Barry, are you okay?" Flower says. "Here, I'll warm you up!"

She then sends several small balls of fire spinning around me until I can feel the temperature of my body becoming normal once more. I manage to avoid getting ambushed again after this, but Daren and the others are getting further away from us the more we fight. Fortunately, I see Daren waving at me from a distance, and once I wave back, he goes inside one of the buildings along with Kelrim, Leila and Hadrik.

Perfect. Now that I know where the shop is, we can keep fighting these drones without any worries of getting left behind.

We keep on shooting the metal balls for a while longer, until a certain moment when they all stop attacking us all of a sudden and they retreat in unison. We choose to be thankful for this turn of events and instead of chasing after them, we fly towards the herbal store, so we can meet up with Daren.

By the time we arrive, it seems that Daren has already finished his shopping, because he is now coming out of the store and so is everyone else.


[20] I manage to take out quite a few of the flying metal balls, but some of them appear to be really good at avoiding my crossbow bolts. Even though we're all shooting at them, their numbers don't seem to be decreasing all that much, because new drones keep joining the fight from all directions. Eventually, I get overwhelmed and I do not notice one of the metal balls sneaking up behind me.

The drone shoots an ice beam at me, which freezes me completely. From what I can tell, Flower tries to melt the ice around me almost immediately after I get attacked, but it is too late. Before she manages to unfreeze me, my heart already stops beating and my consciousness slowly fades away.


[21] "Oh, so you're done playing dumb, now?" I tell the Overseer, as I get away from the wall in order to take one step towards the drone. "You want to attack us? Is that it?"

"Negative," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol has been ordered to pull back all of its units. Your completion of the survey will not result in any harm towards you or your team."

"How do I know that you're not just lying to me?" I say.

"The Overseer protocol is not designed to tell any outright lies," the Overseer says. "The only things I am capable of doing are to withhold critical information on purpose and to mislead people through omission of important facts."

"Fine, I get it," I say. "So, why did you receive the order to retreat, exactly?"

"The information you requested is not available at this time," the Overseer says. "Please try again later. Also, this is a reminder that you still haven't completed the survey. If you no longer remember the question, a simple yes or no will suffice."


[22] "Almost," Daren says. "We couldn't find any summerglow grass or crownwick herbs, but the shopkeeper gave us a replacement that will hopefully be just as good."

"Hey, Barry, can you hear us?" Daren says into the transceiver after he taps it once.


[23] "Yeah," Daren says. "They didn't have the exact herbs we needed, but we managed to find suitable replacements thanks to the info we got from Rose."

"Hey, Barry, can you hear us?" Daren says into the transceiver after he taps it once.


[24] "Would you by any chance happen to have any suitable replacements, then?" Daren says.

"Replacements for summerglow grass?..." Pete says. "Well, I'm not exactly sure if it'll do the trick, but I could give you some crow's feet if you want. Not actual crow's feet, mind you... I'm talking about the plant that's named like this. It has similar effects to summerglow grass, but it's not exactly the same. Want to give it a try?"

 "It's better than nothing, I suppose," Daren says. "Just put the herbs in the bag, along with the others."

"Alright," Pete says. "Wait one moment. I have to go get them from my storage room."

As the shopkeeper goes to the room in the back of the shop, I take a better look at all the shelves and I notice that there are small labels on each of them, although the writing is kind of ugly and hard to decipher. Maybe I could get a closer look and see if any of the information written on those labels might be of any help to us?


[25] "Please tell me that you at least have some riggus flower petals in stock, then..." Daren says.

"Uh, yes of course," Pete says. "But what would you need them for?"

"They also work as a replacement for summerglow grass, according to a herbalist friend of mine," Daren says.

"They do?" Pete asks, surprised. "Huh. I did not know that. I'll need to look into it. Alright, can you wait one moment? I need to get the petals from the storage room."

"Sure, go right ahead," Daren says.

As the shopkeeper goes to the room in the back of the shop, I take a better look at all the shelves and I notice that there are small labels on each of them, although the writing is kind of ugly and hard to decipher. Maybe I could get a closer look and see if any of the information written on those labels might be of any help to us?


[26] "Because I'm a healer, and there are dozens of people that might die if I don't get this herb to them," Daren says. "People from your city... Please, let me help them!"

"You're planning to use it to heal people?..." Pete says. "Well, umm... Considering that the guy who ordered them wasn't going to use them for medicinal purposes, I suppose it wouldn't kill him to wait just one more day. And you did say you'd pay me ten times their value after all..."

"Yes, I will!" Daren says.

"Well, in that case, I guess we have a deal!" Pete says, as he shakes Daren's hand. "I'll ready another bag for you in a moment. Oh, and you can keep the little ribbons that they are tied with if you want. You've more than paid for their value already."

"Well..." Hadrik tells Daren, as Pete is now grabbing the summerglow grass. "There goes all the money I saved you. I still don't get why you couldn't just settle for those replacement herbs he brought you."

"Because they were only replacements," Daren says. "I had no guarantee that they would work as well as the real thing. In these cases it's much better to be safe than sorry."

"Right," Hadrik says, sounding slightly unconvinced, while Pete hands Daren his herbs.


[27] "Well..." Hadrik tells Daren, as Pete is now grabbing the summerglow grass. "There goes all the money I saved you. I still don't get why you couldn't just settle for those replacement herbs he brought you."

"Because they were only replacements," Daren says. "I had no guarantee that they would work as well as the real thing. In these cases it's much better to be safe than sorry."

"Right," Hadrik says, sounding slightly unconvinced, while Pete hands Daren his herbs.


[28] "If it comes down to it... I also have a spell that could be of use to us," Kelrim says, in a somewhat hesitant tone, as we make our way back to the main street. "I sort of... invented it when I failed to modify a healing spell correctly a few weeks ago. Last time I cast it, the spell almost killed me, but it also caused strong effects of nausea to the patient, and I think that if I amplify it even further it could prove to be a very effective weapon against--"

"Kelrim, I'm not going to let you kill yourself just so you can make one of our enemies vomit a little," Daren says.

"If I amplify the spell, the effects could be much stronger than simple nausea," Kelrim says. "And what's really important right now is getting the medicine to the sick people in the quarantine zone. If we all die, then there will be nobody left to help--"

"Kelrim, again I say... I am not going to let you sacrifice yourself, no matter the reasoning," Daren says. "Leave the fighting to us. We'll take care of it. You just stay back and cast whatever healing spells you have that can be used during combat. Okay?"

"Okay..." Kelrim says in an unconvinced tone, and then he quickly changes the subject. "I think we've already put enough distance between us and the herbal shop. Maybe we should try calling Barry again."

As we all stop moving, both Daren and Kelrim try to call the teleporter guy one more time, but to no avail. Barry Thundercloud is still just as unreachable.


[29] "Hey, Barry!" Daren shouts again.

"Barry, why aren't you answering them?..." we hear Albert's calm voice coming from Daren's transceiver all of a sudden.

"Albert?..." we hear the teleporter guy's voice this time around. "I didn't see you entering the room!"

"Of course you didn't," Albert says. "I'm an assassin. I came here to see if there were more refugees needing guidance and what I found instead was you staring at a transceiver while people's screams were coming out of it. Mind telling me what's going on?"

"Yes," the teleporter guy says. "I think there is a spell of some kind cast on their area which is interfering with their signal. I can't get a good lock on them with the teleporter, and they don't seem to hear me even if I've been trying to contact them for many minutes now."

"Barry, we can hear you now!" Daren says. "We moved to a different spot, and I think the signal might be better here. Can you try teleporting us again?"


[30] "Yes," Albert says. "Do it."

"Alright," the teleporter guy says. "Take care!"

We then hear him pressing a button, and soon afterwards we also hear the sound of the air vibrating as Albert is being teleported out of the rebel base.

"Melindra, how long do the guards have until they reach us?" Daren says, as he closes his transceiver.

"It's going to take them at least a few more minutes if they keep moving at their current speed," Melindra says. "They were all pretty far from us when I first detected them."

"They sure are taking their sweet time, aren't they?" Hadrik says.

"They probably know that we can't teleport out of here at the moment," Melindra says. "They didn't even bother to send their trainees to keep us busy this time around. It's clear that they are the ones behind the signal interference."

"Well, at least this gives us the advantage of having enough time to position ourselves on the battlefield," Hadrik says. "This street is really wide and long, so it’s pretty much perfect for an all-out brawl!"


[31] "Melindra, how long do the guards have until they reach us?" Daren says, as he closes his transceiver.

"It's going to take them at least a few more minutes if they keep moving at their current speed," Melindra says. "They were all pretty far from us when I first detected them."

"They sure are taking their sweet time, aren't they?" Hadrik says.

"They probably know that we can't teleport out of here at the moment," Melindra says. "They didn't even bother to send their trainees to keep us busy this time around. It's clear that they are the ones behind the signal interference."

"Well, at least this gives us the advantage of having enough time to position ourselves on the battlefield," Hadrik says. "This street is really wide and long, so it’s pretty much perfect for an all-out brawl!"


[32] "Melindra, how long do the guards have until they reach us?" Daren says.

"It's going to take them at least a few more minutes if they keep moving at their current speed," Melindra says. "They were all pretty far from us when I first detected them."

"They sure are taking their sweet time, aren't they?" Hadrik says.

"They probably know that we can't teleport out of here at the moment," Melindra says. "They didn't even bother to send their trainees to keep us busy this time around. It's clear that they are the ones behind the signal interference."

"Well, at least this gives us the advantage of having enough time to position ourselves on the battlefield," Hadrik says. "This street is really wide and long, so it’s pretty much perfect for an all-out brawl!"


[33] "I should have known that you couldn't keep talking for more than a minute without saying something really stupid," Kate says. "We already talked about this once. We're not splitting up. We will fight the royal guards together. Is that understood?"

"Yes, ma'am!" I say.

"Good," Kate says, as she makes the icicle in her hand disappear. "Let's get ready, then. I'm beginning to sense Gontrok's aura too, now, so he must be getting close."

"Yes, well, Gontrok eventually decided to sprint ahead of the others, like last time," Melindra says, "which means that he will be the first one to attack us. He'll be coming from over there, so I recommend that you prepare yourself, Hadrik."

"Umm... guys, just one question before we begin the battle," Kelrim says. "When you said earlier that you were planning to fight a god... that was only a figure of speech, right? You weren't being serious?"

We all stare at the goblin, not sure exactly what to tell him.

"Guys?..." the goblin says, looking a bit more frightened, after he sees that we're not answering.

"Ahahahahaha!" Arraka laughs. "Figure of speech, he said. This goblin is way too funny. You people should keep him as a mascot. Ahahahaha!"

