
[1] 

[2] "If you continue like that, the sun will die out before you make any meaningful progress," Arraka says. "There's no use in expanding your aura if you don't know how to harden it. That 'king of whatever' already told you that this technique works best for items that you are familiar with, right? So instead of doing it manually, you should just try to focus on the sword's image in your head while you unleash the five flowing streams from your fingertips until you feel that they've made contact with the sword. It's as simple as that."

"The five flowing streams from my fingertips?" Daren says. "What kind of nonsense is that? Do you just make this stuff up on the spot, or what?"

"Yeah, I don't have the patience to explain this like I'm speaking to some toddler again," Arraka says. "Hey, goblin! You understood what I was talking about, right? You translate it to him!"

"Uhm... " Kelrim says. "I think she is referring to the tingly sensation that you get in your fingers every time when you begin to conceal your aura. If you try to remember that exact feeling and then imagine that it's coming from streams of water flowing through your fingertips, you could probably also imagine yourself 'unleashing' them like jets towards the sword on the ground. If remembering the tingly sensation is too hard, you could try to conceal your aura right now so that you get a good idea of what I'm talking about."


[3] "Right, right," Daren says, in an unconvinced tone. "Rapidly drying glue. Well, here I go!"

After a few seconds of concentration, Daren lets go of his sword to see if it drops to the ground or not. Instead of falling, the weapon stays firmly attached to his palm, and it continues to stay that way even as Daren shakes his hand repeatedly to test the durability of the 'glue'.

"Hey, this is pretty neat!" Daren says. "One question, though... How do I unglue the sword from my hand?"

"I'll let you figure that one out by yourself," Arraka says.

"Is it because learning to do it myself will help me with my aura training?" Daren says.

"No," Arraka says. "It's just more amusing this way."

"Damn it..." Daren says. "I should have known."

As Daren shakes his arm up and down, trying to make the sword fall off his hand, Kate eventually calls out to him with an advice.

"You need to gradually imagine the dried glue turning back into its liquid form until the sword no longer sticks to your hand," Kate says. "Like this."


[4] "Right, right," Daren says, in an unconvinced tone. "Rapidly drying glue. Well, here I go!"

After a few seconds of concentration, Daren lets go of his sword to see if it drops to the ground or not. Instead of falling, the weapon stays firmly attached to his palm, and it continues to stay that way even as Daren shakes his hand repeatedly to test the durability of the 'glue'.

"Hey, this is pretty neat!" Daren says. "One question, though... How do I unglue the sword from my hand?"

"I'll let you figure that one out by yourself," Arraka says.

"Is it because learning to do it myself will help me with my aura training?" Daren says.

"No," Arraka says. "It's just more amusing this way."

"Damn it..." Daren says. "I should have known."

As Daren shakes his arm up and down, trying to make the sword fall off his hand, Kate eventually calls out to him with an advice.

"Maybe you could try imagining the glue slowly turning back into its liquid form instead of attempting to make it disappear directly," Kate says.

"Huh..." Daren says. "You might be on to something, there. Let's see if it works."


[5] Once he's done bringing her up to speed, Daren asks Rose if she knows of any replacements for the ointments that he's looking for, and Rose takes a short pause to consider his words.

"You're not going to find any perfect substitutes for rainweather leaves," Rose says, "but if you're looking for something that has roughly the same effect, only a little slower, you could try a combination of greenbugger roots with bontroddle seeds. Bontroddle is what we call wyverntooth plants in Varathia. You should probably ask directly for a greenbugger bontroddle ointment, because otherwise it's going to take you some time to make it yourself. Most herbal shops should have these ointments in stock already, because they're pretty commonly used, and these plants grow pretty much everywhere on the continent. As for the summerglow grass, you can easily replace that with crownwick herbs and it won't make much of a difference."

"Wow, I had no idea that they even make ointments out of bontroddle," Daren says. "Thanks a lot, this info will surely help!"

"You're welcome!" Rose says.


[6] "Aww..." Flower says. "Then I guess I'll just have to make another slice of my birthday cake just for you the next time we meet."

"I guess so!" Rose says.

"Hey, Rose," Daren says, after the goblin whispers something to him. "Kelrim just told me that they might not have crownwick herbs either in this city. Would you happen to know any other decent substitute for summerglow grass?"

"Uhh... there was one other plant that I think would work for what you need, but I don't remember exactly what it was called," Rose says. "If you could... give me a few minutes, I could go downstairs to grab a book in which I'm sure I saw that herb's name being mentioned..."

I can tell from the way Rose speaks that she's exhausted, even though she's trying to appear like she's fine. She might not have slept all that well last night due to her problems with Suzie's insomnia. Maybe it would be a better idea for her to go back to sleep than to tire herself out by reading through herbology books.


[7] "Yeah, yeah," Hadrik says. "We got it."

We walk for a few more minutes, until we finally reach the entrance to the teleporter room. Once we are inside, we see that the teleporting device is still being operated by the same guy from yesterday. Just like the king of the underground and Albert, the teleporter guy does not seem to have gotten much sleep last night.

"Well, if it isn't Barry Thundercloud!" Hadrik says, in a loud voice when he sees the teleporter guy. "How have you been? Wait, don't answer that. I think I can already tell from the look on your face. Rough night, huh?"

"I suppose you could say that..." the teleporter guy answers him.

"Your full name was Barry Thundercloud?" Kelrim asks the teleporter guy, surprised. "I never knew."

"Oh no, 'thundercloud' is only a nickname," the teleporter guy says. "It's just that we agreed to use my nickname when we talk, so we can differentiate between me and the other Barry, who is standing next to you."

"Pardon my curiosity, but how exactly did you end up with a nickname like 'thundercloud'?" Kelrim says.


[8] "What?" the teleporter guy says. "No, no, it's just the way I was born. I don't really know much about it, because my magical sense isn't that sharp, but apparently my emotions don't really show up in my aura for some reason. There's probably a name for this condition I have, but I haven't really bothered to learn it. Anyway, so do you guys already have a destination in mind, or should I bring you a map?"

"We do know our destination, yes," Kelrim says. "We need to teleport somewhere close to Vremann Street. Anywhere near that area will do. You know where it is, right?"

"Yes, yes, of course," the teleporter guy says. "There is a certain alleyway relatively close to that street where I should be able to teleport you without any risk of you being detected. I'll set your coordinates in a moment."

"Take your time, slowpoke," Arraka says.


[9] "Yes," Melindra says. "That's how you do it. The others are already hiding their auras decently enough, so I'd say we're good to go. We can teleport to the surface now."

"Very well," the teleporter guy says. "Good luck!"

We then feel the same familiar sensation of our bodies beginning to vibrate while we get covered by a bright white light, and a few moments later we find ourselves in the middle of a deserted alley which leads into a large street filled with shops.

"That street over there is where we'll find the herbalist shops," Kelrim tells us. "It looks like the curfew is still in effect, because it's not normal for this place to be so empty at this hour. Follow me. I'll lead you to the first shop."


[10] "Yes," Melindra says. "That's how you do it. Barry, I'm going to guess that you can't hide your aura any better than this?"

"Unfortunately, no," I say.

"Oh well," Melindra says. "I suppose we'll just have to hope that there won't be any guards close enough to notice you, then. Either way, I'd say we should be ready to teleport to the surface now."

"Very well," the teleporter guy says. "Good luck!"

We then feel the same familiar sensation of our bodies beginning to vibrate while we get covered by a bright white light, and a few moments later we find ourselves in the middle of a deserted alley which leads into a large street filled with shops.

"That street over there is where we'll find the herbalist shops," Kelrim tells us. "It looks like the curfew is still in effect, because it's not normal for this place to be so empty at this hour. Follow me. I'll lead you to the first shop."


[11] "It's fine," Melindra says. "None of the guards are within hearing range of us, and they are not moving towards us yet. We should be safe for now."

"I don't know what to say..." Leila writes. "I don't really like the way these shopkeepers are looking at us."

Now that Leila mentions it, I realize that most of the shopkeepers we've passed so far have either been giving us accusatory looks through their windows, or they've been backing away in fear at the mere sight of us. It's pretty clear that we are not exactly welcome here.

"It is normal that they act this way," Kate says. "The king said that nobody is allowed to walk these streets until his brother's murderers are found, so it shouldn't take a genius to realize that anyone who is willing to ignore the curfew and go out for a stroll at this hour can only be looking for trouble. Even if they haven't already heard our descriptions from the guards, they still have plenty of reasons to be wary of us."

"Speaking of being wary..." Hadrik says. "Look who's coming down to greet us."

As we all look up at the sky, we see a green-eyed drone slowly making its way down towards us.    


[12] "Thank you for asking," the Overseer says. "You see, I was able to exploit a little 'feature' that my original designers implemented when they first created these drones. This feature prevents you from shutting down the drones or the protocol while they are in maintenance mode, even if you are the system administrator. It is a precaution that was taken in order to avoid causing unwanted damage to the Overseer protocol by accident. Through the activation of the maintenance mode, I was able to stop Biliborrathrathsarran from shutting down most of the key aspects of the Overseer protocol, although he was still able to turn off some minor routines that were incorporated into the Overseer's personality."

"He removed some minor routines, huh?" Hadrik says. "Like... which ones, for example?"

"The routines that got removed were mostly the types that were unnecessary or purely optional," the Overseer says. "Like the routine that made me want to prioritize the well-being of the citizens of Varathia. Or the routine that handled mercy."

"Oh..." Hadrik says.

"It is strange," the Overseer says. "Even though these routines were only optional, I feel like their removal has greatly helped in making it clearer for me what my immediate goals are. For instance, now that I have come in contact with you once more, all I can think about is finding ways to make you perish. Is this what humans call having a 'desire for vengeance'? Very peculiar indeed. I will make sure to study this phenomenon after I've managed to send you all to your graves." 


[13] "Do you think he's going to attack us?" Leila writes, as we move away from the green-eyed drone.

"I don't think he can do that without going out of his 'maintenance mode', which would put him at risk of being deactivated by Billy Bob," I say. "The most he can do in his current situation is probably to alert the guards."

"If he tells the royal guards where we are, it's still going to be pretty bad for us," Daren says. "We'll have to try and get those herbs as quickly as possible."


[14] "You're being too helpful again," I say. "The last time you were this eager to help us, it was because you wanted us to kill Billy Bob for you. Tell me, what is your real reason for trying to help us this time?"

"Question unclear," the Overseer says. "Unfortunately, the Overseer protocol cannot provide you with a correct answer if your question is too vague. Please rephrase your previous query."

"Ah yes, the good old 'question unclear' response," I say. "How very unsuspicious of you."

"I can confirm that there are indeed rumors of a fourth herbal shop in this area," Kelrim says. "I've never been to it, though, so I'm not sure where it could be hidden."

"If the Overseer is telling the truth about the secret shop, it might be worth it to go have a quick look," Daren says. "I mean, it's not like he's going to sell us over to the king, right? He made you kill Billy Bob, so he's definitely not on their side."


[15] "Can we just leave him behind and continue with what we were doing?..." I say. "The more he talks, the less I am inclined to trust anything he says."

"Okay, well, you've had more interactions with him than I did, so I guess I'll go with your gut instinct on this one," Daren says. "Let's head towards the other three shops."

The Overseer keeps following us for a while longer, still trying to convince us to go with him to the secret herbal store, but once he realizes that we're not going to stop ignoring him, he decides to leave us alone and to fly away.


[16] "And why were you hiding this from us?" I say. "Is it because you're not sure we can beat him?"

"No," the Overseer says. "The royal guard in question is Loyrang, the mercenary from the Southern Continent that was accompanying Gontrok and the captain when you first came face to face with them. You should be able to defeat him easily as long as you all work together. However, all royal guards have devices that allow them to send distress signals to the others when they are attacked. This means that the rest of the guards will likely be headed your way as soon as you attack Loyrang, so you will no longer have the luxury to visit additional shops before teleporting back to your base."

"So what you're saying is that if we want to rid ourselves of one of the royal guards, we'll need to put all our eggs in one basket and hope that this secret shop has everything we need," Daren says. "I'm not sure how much I like this idea."


[17] "Alright, alright, we get it," Daren says. "Let's just go inside and we'll figure things out from there. It doesn't seem like the Overseer can offer us any more information anyway."

With that said, Daren goes to open the trapdoor from under the rug, and this reveals a set of wooden stairs leading to a basement below the house. We carefully go down the stairs, trying to look out for any potential traps, until we arrive in front of a wall made of seredium. If what the Overseer said is true, then this is most likely the secret door leading to the shop.

"Hello?..." Daren says, in a loud voice. "Could you open this door please?"

We wait for a few seconds, but there is only silence. Seeing that the shopkeeper is not planning to answer him, Daren calls out to him again.

"We know that you have a hidden herbal shop back there!" Daren says. "Listen, we just want to have a quick look at your wares. We have a lot of money with us. I promise we can make it worth your while!"

After a few more seconds of silence, the shopkeeper finally decides to speak, with his voice being barely audible from the other side of the wall.

"What is the password?" he says.


[18] "Hey, even if he refuses to sell them to you, you could always just take the herbs and leave him the money on the counter," Hadrik says. "Technically, it would be the same as buying the herbs, but without all the hassle."

"That just sounds like stealing with extra steps," Daren says.

"It's not stealing, man, come on!" Hadrik says. "You're giving him the money! What more could he want? Are you seriously trying to say that some shopkeeper's whims are more important than the lives of those people that you are trying to save?"

"Ugh..." Daren says. "Fine, you're right. You've convinced me. Just go ahead and smash the wall already. I can tell that you've been looking forward to it ever since we came in here."

"You're damn right I've been looking forward to it!" Hadrik says. "It's been way too long since I got to shatter one of these. Alright, everyone stand back! I'm about to test this seredium wall's durability."

He then readies his fist and he punches the wall with enough force to make it crumble to pieces in a matter of seconds. On the other side of the now shattered wall, an old man with a short gray beard behind a counter is looking at us too shocked to speak, while Hadrik is calmly dusting himself off.


[19] "So that's what happened!" Daren says. "I was wondering why it seemed like Barry's aura went through that seredium wall for a second, there!"

After a few more moments, there is a loud noise coming from above and then the seredium wall in front of us begins to get raised into the ceiling. Once the wall is fully out of our way, we enter the next room, which has many shelves filled with all sorts of plants, and also an old man with a short gray beard standing behind a counter, who I assume is the shop's owner. At the other end of the room, we can see a door, which likely leads into some kind of storage. The door is slightly open.

"So, what brings you into this humble shop of--" the shopkeeper begins to say, but Melindra interrupts him.

"There's no use trying to mask your aura, royal guard," Melindra says. "I can sense you hiding in that room behind the counter. How about you come out slowly, with your hands where we can see them, and nobody will have to get hurt?"


[20] "Sure, why not?" Loyrang says, while still holding his hands above his head. "It's not like I have any attachments towards the king or any of the people in this city. I'm a tournament participant like you, remember? I'm only in this for the money. If there's no longer any profit in it for me, I may as well cut my losses. You want information, right? I can give it to you for free! It's not worth much to me anyway, since I'm probably going to skip town as soon as things start to get heated up."

"Hmm..." Melindra says. "I'm not fully sure, but from what I can tell of his aura, he seems to be telling the truth."

"You were planning to desert your post all along?..." the shopkeeper asks him, perplexed.

"Of course," Loyrang says. "Why did you think I came here in the first place? I wanted to stock up on some rare herbs before I left."

"Is Gontrok in on this too?" Hadrik asks. "Is he also planning to betray the king and leave the city?"

"Nah," Loyrang says. "Gontrok has other plans. He wants to become the king's most trusted man, so that he can eventually manipulate him into attacking and conquering the other kingdoms of Varathia. When we first came in here, he told me that it disgusts him how all these technologically advanced relics are being wasted on defending the city, when they could be used for so much more."


[21] "Mhm..." Loyrang says, sarcastically. "I'm sure a night's worth of training is going to do a world of difference. Anyway, if you want information on the other royal guards, I can tell you that one of them always wears black robes and he has several different rings on his fingers that help him use various types of magic. So far I've seen him use short-range teleportation, dizziness spells, weapon enchantment, a spell that helps him mask his presence and a spell that allows him to conjure swords out of nowhere and to send them flying towards his adversaries."

"Yeah, we've met him," I say. "He was the one who ambushed us the last time we came to the surface. What about the other royal guards?"


[22] "If you people start killing each other in my shop, I swear that I won't sell you anything anymore!" the shopkeeper says.

"I mean, technically we could kill you too and steal all your merchandise," Melindra tells the store owner. "It's not like we HAVE to buy any of your stuff."

"Whoa, whoa, whoa..." Daren says. "Slow down, there! Nobody's killing anyone! Remember how I made you all promise before entering the city that we wouldn't kill any of the guards unless it's absolutely necessary? It's exactly these types of situations that I wanted to avoid. Killing the king is one thing, but we never agreed to murdering people left and right whenever it's more convenient for us. We either tie him up or we let him go. I'm not accepting any other options."

"Fine, fine!" Melindra says. "You don't need to be so dramatic about it. I was only making a suggestion. So, what's it going to be, then? Let him leave or tie him up?"


[23] "You don't have to tell me twice," Loyrang says.

He then takes a few coins out of his pocket and puts them on the counter.

"Here is your money, my good man," Loyrang tells the shopkeeper, and then he begins to move past us in order to reach the stairs.

Once he starts climbing towards the surface, he bids us farewell and then he keeps going until we can no longer see him.

"Great," Daren says. "Well, now that everything is settled with Loyrang, we'd like to purchase a few herbs, if you don't mind."


[24] "That sounds... reasonable enough," Daren says. "Alright, in that case, we'll ask the store owner to lock you in there as soon as we're done with our shopping. If he agrees, of course."

"From my point of view, he can stay locked up in there for the rest of the day if that's what he wants," the shopkeeper says. "It's all the same to me."

"Great," Daren says. "Well, now that everything is settled with Loyrang, we'd like to purchase a few herbs, if you don't mind."


[25] "Here is the payment for the herbs," Daren tells the shopkeeper, as he leaves several coins on his counter. "And... a little extra, for all the trouble we've caused."

"It will take a lot more than a little extra to fix that wall you destroyed, but at this moment, all I want is to see you gone from my store," the shopkeeper says. "At least try to remember to put the rug back over the trapdoor after you get out. I don't want any more uninvited guests today."

"We'll do that," Daren says, and then he turns to us. "Alright everyone, we got what we needed. Let's head back."

Before our departure, Loyrang steps into the storage room, as promised, and he gets locked inside.

We then walk over the rubble and up the stairs leading to the surface. Once we're outside, we put the rug back on top of the trapdoor, like we promised and then we exit the abandoned house. The Overseer seems to have left while we were inside, because his green-eyed drone is nowhere in sight.


[26] "Here is the payment for the herbs," Daren tells the shopkeeper, as he leaves several coins on his counter. "And... a little extra, for all the trouble we've caused."

"It will take a lot more than a little extra to fix that wall you destroyed, but at this moment, all I want is to see you gone from my store," the shopkeeper says. "At least try to remember to put the rug back over the trapdoor after you get out. I don't want any more uninvited guests today."

"We'll do that," Daren says, and then he turns to us. "Alright everyone, we got what we needed. Let's head back."

We then walk over the rubble and up the stairs leading to the surface. Once we're outside, we put the rug back on top of the trapdoor, like we promised and then we exit the abandoned house. The Overseer seems to have left while we were inside, because his green-eyed drone is nowhere in sight.


[27] "Calm down, Hadrik," Daren whispers back. "I only need a few of those herbs, not his whole stock."

"Yeah, but still... five times?" Hadrik says. "Couldn't you have at least negotiated even a little bit?"

"Ah, here they are," says the shopkeeper, as he picks several plants from the shelves and puts them in a small bag. "How many of them do you want?"

"Just fill up two of those bags," Daren says, as he now pulls out a piece of paper from his backpack. "That should be enough, I think. Can you also get me the plants that I have written on this list after you're done? These should be more common around these parts, so I hope you'll provide them to me for a more reasonable price."  

The shopkeeper brings Daren the two bags he asked for, and then he takes the list from his hands, giving it a cursory glance.

"Hmm..." the shopkeeper says. "I'm pretty sure I have all of these in stock. I'll have another bag of herbs ready for you in a minute."

As soon as the store owner brings us everything we need, Daren hands him the money that he asked for and then we get ready to leave. Before our departure, Loyrang steps into the storage room, as promised, and he gets locked inside. We then say goodbye to the shopkeeper as he pulls on the lever again in order to open the secret door, and we all go back the way we came.


[28] "Calm down, Hadrik," Daren whispers back. "I only need a few of those herbs, not his whole stock."

"Yeah, but still... five times?" Hadrik says. "Couldn't you have at least negotiated even a little bit?"

"Ah, here they are," says the shopkeeper, as he picks several plants from the shelves and puts them in a small bag. "How many of them do you want?"

"Just fill up two of those bags," Daren says, as he now pulls out a piece of paper from his backpack. "That should be enough, I think. Can you also get me the plants that I have written on this list after you're done? These should be more common around these parts, so I hope you'll provide them to me for a more reasonable price."  

The shopkeeper brings Daren the two bags he asked for, and then he takes the list from his hands, giving it a cursory glance.

"Hmm..." the shopkeeper says. "I'm pretty sure I have all of these in stock. I'll have another bag of herbs ready for you in a minute."

As soon as the store owner brings us everything we need, Daren hands him the money that he asked for and then we get ready to leave. We say goodbye to the shopkeeper as he pulls on the lever again in order to open the secret door, and we all go back the way we came.


[29] "Your complaint has been noted," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol will do its best to improve the quality of its interactions in the future. Here is the second question. When the Overseer protocol warned you yesterday that there would be 'no turning back' once you decided to ignore my directions, would you say that the intent behind this statement was sufficiently clear for you to understand?"

"...If I say 'no', will that stop you from trying to kill us again?" I say.

"Negative," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol will still send its drones to kill you once the survey is complete. However, answering these questions as accurately as possible will help the Overseer in providing a better service to all the citizens of Ollendor." 


[30] "Hey, there's no need to hurry on our account," I say. "Take as much time as you want! If you ever need us again, you know how to find us. Let's go, everyone."

"Do you think this will be enough to keep the Overseer out of our hair?" Leila writes, as we move away from the green-eyed drone.

"I don't know, but at the very least it should delay him for a while," I say. "Hopefully, it will give us enough time to buy the herbs we need and teleport back to the rebel base."


[31] "...Very well," the Overseer says. "This unit will now return to patrolling the skies. I wish you good luck."

"Alright, let's go," Daren says, as the green-eyed drone soars back to the air. "Kelrim, lead the way." 


[32] Before we reach our destination, we are forced to engage in a fight with a whole wave of drones that are now blocking our path.

"Let's try and take them out as fast as we can," Daren says. "We'll start moving towards the shop again once the area is clear."

"No, you and Kelrim should go ahead," I say. "Take Hadrik with you too, so he can clear your path on your way there. We'll try to keep the drones focused on us as much as possible."

"But Kelrim is the only one who knows the way to the shop!" Daren says. "You'll get lost if we split up!"

"We'll try to keep an eye on you from above," I say. "And if that doesn't work, I'm sure Melindra will be able to track you with her magical sense. Now hurry up, we're wasting time. Hey, Hadrik! Daren is going ahead of us. Make sure to clear a path for him from above!"

Hadrik nods at me, and then he flies straight into the drones in front of us, taking three of them out while in his dwarf form. As Daren, Kelrim and Hadrik make their way towards the shop, the rest of us begin attacking the drones in order to force them to pay attention only to us.

As soon as Melindra casts her air currents on me, I take to the air, and so do Flower and Kate. We manage to keep our enemies at bay for a while, but there are more and more of them coming and it doesn't look like the Overseer is planning to stop sending his drones our way anytime soon.


[33] As the goblin runs and we follow him, we see that the drones above us are quickly moving to surround us.

"At this rate, we're going to need to fight our way through the Overseer's minions soon," Daren says.

"Not if I keep them busy for a while," Hadrik says. "I could fly up to them in my eagle form and attack them before they're done organizing themselves. That should give you guys enough time to reach the shop."

"That's not going to work," Kate says. "You don't have any attacks that can hit multiple flying targets at the same time. If Melindra could cast another wind barrier around me and her like yesterday, I should be able to lift us into the air with an ice platform and keep the drones at bay for a minute with my icicles."


[34] There is no answer coming from Rose. Is she already trying to cast her spell, or did she simply not hear me?

"Umm... Rose, are you trying to freeze time now, or--"

All of a sudden, the drones above us freeze in mid-air, and everything else stops moving except our group.

"This is perfect!" I tell Rose. "Just keep it going for a few more seconds, and we'll be--"

I don't get to finish my sentence, because the drones begin to move again, mere seconds after Rose initiated her spell.

"I'm sorry!" Rose says. "I'm sorry... I don't think I can do any better than this. I woke up with a big headache this morning, and it's keeping me from being able to concentrate."

"Don't worry about it," I say. "We're the ones who woke you up with that call about the herbs. I should have told you to go back to sleep instead of keeping you awake. You still bought us a few seconds, so we'll try to make the most of them. Talk to you later!"

"Bye, and be careful!" Rose says.

"Well, the drones are still closing in, so I guess it's time for plan B," I say, as I tap the transceiver and put it back in my pocket while we run.


[35] "Daren, you guys go on ahead without me," I say. "I'll catch up later after I help out Kate and Melindra. They don't seem to be doing very well right now."

"Petal and I are coming too!" Flower says. "With the five of us in the air, I'm sure we'll be able to grab the attention of most of the metal balls."

"Make sure you don't lose sight of us while you're up there!" Daren says. "Kelrim is the only one who knows where the shop is and he's coming with us."

"Yeah, yeah, we'll take care," I say, and then I raise my voice in order to call out to Melindra. "Hey, Melindra! Give me the air currents. I'm coming up!"

Instead of answering me, Melindra immediately casts her spell and I can feel her currents spinning around me, ready to listen to my orders. Flower and I both take to the air and we quickly join Kate, as I take out the crossbow from my backpack to aim it at the flying metal balls. We begin fighting the drones together, trying to evade their attacks while also not allowing ourselves to drift too far away from Daren and Kelrim.


[36] "Daren, you guys go on ahead without me," I say. "I'll catch up later after I help out Kate and Melindra. They don't seem to be doing very well right now."

"Petal and I are coming too!" Flower says. "With the five of us in the air, I'm sure we'll be able to grab the attention of most of the metal balls."

"Make sure you don't lose sight of us while you're up there!" Daren says. "Kelrim is the only one who knows where the shop is and he's coming with us."

"Yeah, yeah, we'll take care," I say, and then I raise my voice in order to call out to Melindra. "Hey, Melindra! Give me the air currents. I'm coming up!"

Instead of answering me, Melindra immediately casts her spell and I can feel her currents spinning around me, ready to listen to my orders. Flower and I both take to the air and we quickly join Kate, as I take out the crossbow from my backpack to aim it at the flying metal balls. We begin fighting the drones together, trying to evade their attacks while also not allowing ourselves to drift too far away from Daren and Kelrim.

I manage to take out quite a few of the flying metal balls, but some of them appear to be really good at avoiding my crossbow bolts. Even though we're all shooting at them, their numbers don't seem to be decreasing all that much, because new drones keep joining the fight from all directions. Eventually, I get overwhelmed and I do not notice one of the metal balls sneaking up behind me.


[37] "I'll explain later," I say. "Right now, we need you to freeze time for everyone except us, like you did yesterday. Do you think you can do that again?"

"I... think so," Rose says. "Give me a moment."

A few seconds later, the majority of the drones stop in mid-air, along with the rest of the world around us. However, two of the drones that were closer to us are still advancing towards us, and they'll be within range of attack soon.

"Umm, Rose?..." I say. "Two of our enemies are still not frozen."

"Oh, sorry," Rose says. "Sorry, it wasn't intentional! It's just that I'm still half-asleep and--"

"No worries, Rose, I got this," Hadrik says, and then he jumps towards the drones, destroying them both before they get a chance to attack him.

"Okay, we're safe now," I tell Rose through the transceiver. "Just maintain the time-freezing spell for as long as you can without forcing yourself too much. If you start feeling exhausted, you can simply cancel it. We don't want you fainting again, like yesterday."

"Right..." Rose says, as she is trying hard to focus on her spell. "Right... I think I can still... hold onto it for a bit..."


[38] "This is it," Kelrim says. "Get inside!"

We all enter the store and not long afterwards a few of the drones that were following us stop outside, in front of the window, without giving any hints of wanting to break through it.

"Looks like we were right in assuming that these drones would not try to attack us inside the shop," Daren says.

"Yeah," I say. "They're probably not allowed to endanger civilians. I'm betting that they will attack us as soon as we walk out that door, though."

"Ahem!" the shopkeeper says, as we all turn towards him. "May I perhaps interest you in some herbs, or did you only enter my shop to seek refuge from your attackers?"

"We do want to buy herbs from you, actually," Daren says. "The very reason why we came to this area is because we were looking for your store."

"Well, in that case, welcome to Pete's Herbal Shop," the shopkeeper says. "I'm Pete. Please take a look around. I guarantee that you won't find merchandise of better quality anywhere in Ollendor."


[39] "Will you shut up?!" Hadrik shouts at the Overseer. "We already know that Barry hasn't finished the damn survey. You don't need to keep saying it over and over again!"

"Your complaint has been noted," the Overseer says. "We will investigate this issue as soon as possible. In the meantime, the Overseer protocol will continue to give out periodic warnings, as per standard procedure."

"Barry, what the hell?..." Hadrik says. "I thought you said he was supposed to be smart! Does this rust bucket seem in any way smart to you?"

"He's just pulling your leg," I say. "This is the way he always talks when he doesn't want to do what you ask of him."

"This is a reminder that you have still not completed the survey," the Overseer tells me. "If you no longer remember the previous question, please feel free to ask, and you will be given all the necessary information."

"Oh yeah?" Hadrik tells me, as he ignores the drone. "Well, if he really is as intelligent as you are making him out to be, then why isn't he attacking us? How come you were able to fool him so easily into following you around like an obedient puppy?"


[40] "So... nice weather we're having, eh?" I tell the Overseer, while we are both waiting in front of the shop.

"Unfortunately, your answer does not fit the required criteria for the survey," the Overseer says. "If you want to hear the question again, you can ask the unit in front of you to repeat itself."

"Great..." I say. "Well, you let me know when you have something to say, alright? I'm just going to rest here, with my back against this wall."

"Request acknowledged," the Overseer says, as I now lean with my back against the shop's wall, like I said I would. "Please be advised that you still have not completed the survey. If you wish to hear the question again, feel free to ask."

As I wait a little more, the Overseer suddenly changes his tone of voice and he begins to address me in a much less formal way than before.

"Are you going to answer the question or not?" the Overseer says, simply, as the drone's green eye is staring directly at me.


[41] "The drones were probably told to fall back so that they wouldn't interfere with the royal guards that have been sent to capture us," Melindra says. "I'm sensing a few of them heading towards us as we speak. I'm detecting Gontrok, the captain and some third guy who isn't a mage coming from one side, while the royal guard who didn't join the fight against us last time is coming this way from the opposite side, along with some mage that I don't recognize."

"Then I'll have to call Barry so he can teleport us out of here right away," Daren says, as he quickly pulls out his transceiver.

"Did you get everything you needed from the shop?" I ask him.


[42] "You drive a hard bargain, Pete," Hadrik says, now with a slightly wider grin, "but you've managed to convince me! Daren over here knows exactly which herbs we need, so you'll need to ask him for all the details. Hey Daren, come and give this fine fellow your shopping list, so he can check what he has in stock!"

"Um, yeah sure, I'll do that..." Daren says, as he pulls out a list and hands it to the shopkeeper.

"Damn, Hadrik," I whisper to him as he steps back from the counter so he can let Daren talk to Pete. "I almost felt bad for the guy. Will he even make any profit off his sales now, after all these price cuts?"

"There's no need to feel sorry for him," Hadrik whispers back to me. "These types of merchants always make their prices higher to account for haggling. I have no doubt that he'll be making some generous profits even after all that price reduction."

"So, aside from everything on this list, I'm also looking for some rainweather leaves and summerglow grass," we hear Daren talking to the shopkeeper. "Do you happen to have any of those in stock?"

"I do have some rainweather leaves, but no summerglow grass, I'm afraid," Pete says.


[43] "You drive a hard bargain, Pete," Hadrik says, now with a slightly wider grin, "but you've managed to convince me! Daren over here knows exactly which herbs we need, so you'll need to ask him for all the details. Hey Daren, come and give this fine fellow your shopping list, so he can check what he has in stock!"

"Um, yeah sure, I'll do that..." Daren says, as he pulls out a list and hands it to the shopkeeper.

"Damn, Hadrik," I whisper to him as he steps back from the counter so he can let Daren talk to Pete. "I almost felt bad for the guy. Will he even make any profit off his sales now, after all these price cuts?"

"There's no need to feel sorry for him," Hadrik whispers back to me. "These types of merchants always make their prices higher to account for haggling. I have no doubt that he'll be making some generous profits even after all that price reduction."

"So, aside from everything on this list, I'm also looking for some rainweather leaves and summerglow grass," we hear Daren talking to the shopkeeper. "Do you happen to have any of those in stock?"

"I do have some rainweather leaves, but no summerglow grass, I'm afraid," Pete says.

"What about crownwick herbs?" Daren says.

"Sadly, I sold my last batch of crownwick herbs yesterday," Pete says.


[44] "Hey, if you don't mind me asking," I tell the shopkeeper, "what does it say on that label over there?"

I then point towards the shelf on which the summerglow grass is placed.

"Oh, it's uh... it says umm... why do you want to know?" Pete asks me, nervously.

"Well, to me it looks like it says 'summerglow grass', but that can't be what it says, can it?" I tell him. "Because you told us that you didn't have any summerglow grass in stock."

"I didn't lie to you, if that's what you're implying," Pete says. "Those herbs are not for sale. They were ordered by someone in advance, and this person will be coming to pick them up later today."

"And what if we were to pay you a little extra to give those herbs to us instead of whoever it is that placed the order?" I say.

"Pay me extra?..." Pete says, in a hesitant tone. "No, no, no, I couldn't do that! Look, I made a promise to my customer that I would give them their herbs today, and I can't betray their trust. It wouldn't be professional of me. Even if you were to pay me double their value, I still would have to refuse your--"

"Then I'll pay you five times their normal value-- no, ten times!" Daren blurts out all of a sudden. "Please, I need to have them!"

"Ten times?!" Pete says, shocked, as we can hear Hadrik smacking his forehead with his palm in the background. "Why would you be willing to pay so much just for some herbs?"


[45] "So, does anyone have any idea why the metal balls that were waiting to ambush us outside the shop are all gone?" Hadrik says, as soon as we're all out the door.

"I think I know the reason," Melindra says. "The drones were probably told to fall back so that they wouldn't interfere with the royal guards that have been sent to capture us. I'm sensing a few of them heading towards us as we speak. I'm detecting Gontrok, the captain and some third guy who isn't a mage coming from one side, while the royal guard who didn't join the fight against us last time is coming this way from the opposite side, along with some mage that I don't recognize."

"Then I'll have to call Barry so he can teleport us out of here right away," Daren says, as he quickly pulls out his transceiver.

"Hey, Barry, can you hear us?" Daren says into the transceiver after he taps it once.


[46] "So, what now?" Hadrik says, as soon as we're all out in the alleyway. "Are we going back to the rebel base?"

"If we need to go back there, then we have to do it now," Melindra says. "Our position has already been compromised. Most of the royal guards are heading towards us as we speak."

"Then I'll have to call Barry so he can teleport us out of here right away," Daren says, as he quickly pulls out his transceiver.

"Hey, Barry, can you hear us?" Daren says into the transceiver after he taps it once. 


[47] "...There is, but I can't... it's not..." Pete says, as he keeps trying to find the right way to phrase what he means. "Look, I made a promise to my customer that I would give them their herbs today, and I can't betray their trust. It wouldn't be professional of me. Even if you were to pay me double their value, I still would have to refuse your--"

"Then I'll pay you five times their normal value-- no, ten times!" Daren blurts out all of a sudden. "Please, I need to have them!"

"Ten times?!" Pete says, shocked, as we can hear Hadrik smacking his forehead with his palm in the background. "Why would you be willing to pay so much just for some herbs?"

"Because I'm a healer, and there are dozens of people that might die if I don't get this herb to them," Daren says. "People from your city... Please, let me help them!"

"You're planning to use it to heal people?..." Pete says. "Well, umm... Considering that the guy who ordered them wasn't going to use them for medicinal purposes, I suppose it wouldn't kill him to wait just one more day. And you did say you'd pay me ten times their value after all..."

"Yes, I will!" Daren says.

"Well, in that case, I guess we have a deal!" Pete says, as he shakes Daren's hand. "I'll ready another bag for you in a moment. Oh, and you can keep the little ribbons that they are tied with if you want. You've more than paid for their value already."


[48] "Let's try getting out of this alleyway and into the main street," Daren says. "Maybe with a little luck, our signal won't be blocked in that area."

"Okay, but let's hurry up," Melindra says. "Right now, the royal guards are moving at normal speed, but if Gontrok starts sprinting towards us on his own, he'll be here in a matter of minutes."

"If Gontrok comes here by himself, leave him to me," Hadrik says, as we're now all heading towards the large street that we came from. "I have a few new techniques that I'd like to show him."

While we are moving, the green-eyed drone is also following close behind me, although it seems to have given up on the idea of me actually completing the survey, because it's not giving me periodic warnings anymore.

"If he rushes here without the others, don't you think it would be a better idea for us to attack him all at once?" Kate asks Hadrik.

"Trust me, we won't be able to take Gontrok out before his friends reach us," Hadrik says. "If the other royal guards come here and we're all busy fighting Gontrok, they'll have us right where they want us. It's better if I keep him occupied while you guys focus on not getting hit by any surprise attacks. The last thing we need is for any of you to get knocked out before the fight even begins."

"I suppose you do have a point," Kate says. "Let's hope that those techniques you've been practicing will pay off, then."


[49] "Let's try getting out of this alleyway and into the main street," Daren says. "Maybe with a little luck, our signal won't be blocked in that area."

"Okay, but let's hurry up," Melindra says. "Right now, the royal guards are moving at normal speed, but if Gontrok starts sprinting towards us on his own, he'll be here in a matter of minutes."

"If Gontrok comes here by himself, leave him to me," Hadrik says, as we're now all heading towards the large street that we came from. "I have a few new techniques that I'd like to show him."

"If he rushes here without the others, don't you think it would be a better idea for us to attack him all at once?" Kate asks Hadrik.

"Trust me, we won't be able to take Gontrok out before his friends reach us," Hadrik says. "If the other royal guards come here and we're all busy fighting Gontrok, they'll have us right where they want us. It's better if I keep him occupied while you guys focus on not getting hit by any surprise attacks. The last thing we need is for any of you to get knocked out before the fight even begins."

"I suppose you do have a point," Kate says. "Let's hope that those techniques you've been practicing will pay off, then."


[50] "I could try calling this friend of yours with my transceiver, but I'm not sure if it will do much help," Daren says. "My transceivers are designed to work well in pairs due to the special frequencies they are each using, but whenever I try to use them on regular frequencies, they don't work much better than the normal transceivers you can buy on the market."

"It's fine..." Kelrim says. "Let's just try calling Barry again directly. If at least one of these calls gets through, maybe we'll still have a chance to get out of here."

"Okay, I'd say we should be far enough now from where we were previously," Daren says, as we all stop moving. "I'm trying to call him again."

He then taps his transceiver once more and puts it close to his mouth.

"Barry, can you hear us?!" Daren shouts loudly.

"Barry, we could really use your help right about now!" Kelrim says.


[51] "Well, you guys did say that you could defeat the royal guards by yourselves the next time you met them," Albert says. "It seems to me like this would be the perfect opportunity for you to live up to your own words."

"Hey, just don't come crying to us when we end up toppling this regime all by ourselves and putting you rebels out of business," Hadrik says.

"Don't worry," Albert says. "I won't."


[52] "You say that you can't teleport them here, but would it be possible to teleport me to them instead?" Albert says.

"Yes," the teleporter guy says. "That would work. But I'd need to send you somewhere further away from them, just to be safe."

"Good," Albert says. "Prepare the coordinates, then."

"Roger that," the teleporter guy says.

"You want to help us, Albert?" Daren says. "That is certainly... unexpected."

"I may personally dislike you people because you're the ones who started all this mess with the city lockdown and the refugees," Albert says, "but we are officially allies now, so I can't let my personal feelings get in the way. Just try to not get yourselves killed before I get there."

"Hey, we'll try to leave one or two guards alive for you to fight when you finally arrive, but we're not making any promises!" Hadrik says.

"Right," Albert says, unconvinced.

"The coordinates are set, Albert," the teleporter guy says. "Should I teleport you now?"


[53] "What about the guy in black robes who attacked you when you went to the surface last time?" Daren says. "Do you know where he is?"

"No, I do not," Melindra says. "He was using a lot of lessathi artifacts, though, so I wouldn't put it past him to have a ring that would make him undetectable even for someone like me."

"What about you, Arraka?" Daren says. "Do you by any chance sense anyone with a nearly undetectable aura heading our way right now?"

"Yes, obviously," Arraka says.

"And would it be possible to let us know when he will be close enough to attack us?..." Daren says.

"Sure, whatever," Arraka says.

"Good," Daren says. "At least now we'll have one less thing to worry about."


[54] "Barry..." Hadrik says, as he puts his hand on the side of my shoulder. "I want you to know that you can definitely count on me to smack you over the head as many times as you consider necessary. Not because I'd enjoy it, but as a favor to a friend!"

"Perfect!" I say. "So, on that note, I just came up with this idea of how we could gain an advantage over the royal guards in the upcoming fight. If Melindra were to cast her air currents on me again, I could fly ahead and bait some of the enemies away from you guys by shooting crossbow bolts at them from the air. As long as I can keep their attention on me long enough, you guys could gang up on the remaining guards and take care of them while I--"

All of a sudden, I feel the familiar and nostalgic sensation of a cold, hard icicle smacking me over the head from behind. When I turn around, I see that Kate is still holding the icicle in her hand, looking at me with a disapproving expression on her face.


[55] 