
[1] 

[2] "Are you trying to get us all killed?!" Kate shouts furiously at Melindra, as she gets back up from the ground.

"Hey, it wasn't my fault!" Melindra says. "That orc attacked me out of nowhere, when I was just minding my own business!"

"This is the middle of a battlefield, you fool!" Kate says. "If you want to mind your own business, then fly away from here and stop sabotaging us at every step!"

"Well, there's no need to be so rude about it," Melindra says, as she casts a spell, and she flies high into the air, out of the orcs' reach, while the orc that she blew away earlier goes back to fighting Leila.


[3] "Wow..." I say. "I guess you weren't kidding when you said that your protection from dizziness would make me vulnerable to suggestion spells. The spell's effect on me was so strong that I could barely manage to think of anything other than getting away from that area, until I was at a far enough distance from it."

"Yes," Illuna says. "But sleep spells and dizziness spells are far more widely used than suggestion spells, so it's not that bad of a trade. Either way, we're not going to get past this area unless we get a very detailed description of the environment that those two goblins are situated in, so we can imagine that location as we move forward. Arraka, what can you tell us about the area around these goblins?"


[4] The orc does not let himself get intimidated, and he swings his flaming axes so fast that he cuts my tree into six pieces before it even reaches him. As the now burning pieces of wood fall on the ground beside him, the orc is looking straight at me, with a very pissed off look on his face.

"Damn..." I say, as I look at the big chunk of wood that I still have left in my hands.

Instead of engaging me, however, the orc captain reaches for a horn that he was wearing around his neck, and he blows in it as loud as he can. As soon as he does this, the ogres step back from Hadrik, and a very bright white light begins to engulf all of the monsters, while their bodies start to vibrate loudly.


[5] "Also, I'd really appreciate it if you avoided using trees as weapons from now on," Daren says. "It's hard enough to focus on all the enemies at once without having to also look out for where you guys are swinging those huge oversized clubs with hundreds of branches on top of them."

"Oh, yeah, don't worry about it!" Hadrik says. "This was just for fun. I fight much better without using weapons."

"I'm not going to lie, though, Barry," Daren says. "That was pretty impressive."

"Hey, thanks!" I say. "You weren't half-bad yourself!"


[6] "Huh..." Hadrik says. "That's actually oddly inspiring. I think I may also have some of these small weaknesses that I never really bothered to correct because I didn't consider them to be that big of a problem, due to my durable giant skin, but after hearing your story, I'm thinking that maybe I should get off my arse and actually do something about it, before it's too late. After all, you never know what might happen!"


[7] "Listen, Melindra," I say, as I close my notebook and finally look her in the eyes. "If we're going to be delving into subjects that we're uncomfortable to talk about, then I also have a few questions for you..."

I then lower my voice, in order to make sure that Daren can no longer hear me talking.

"For starters," I say, "why did you lie to us when you said that the reason why you weren't helping us fight the orcs earlier was because you wanted to test us?"

