
[1] 

[2] "More gates means more vulnerable areas that need to be protected," Daren says. "It would not be a good idea in times such as these, when monster attacks are rampant. Let's just line up like all the others. The sun is barely up, so we'll have plenty of time to travel even if we waste another hour in this city."

"Actually, I have a better idea," Melindra says. "We'll be taking a shortcut!"

"A shortcut?" Hadrik asks, confused. "You mean, like an underground tunnel, or..."

"Oh, no, no..." Melindra says, with a smile. "I wasn't talking about a tunnel."

She then snaps her fingers, and we all begin to slowly get raised into the air, higher and higher, as I feel several currents of air moving around me, in a similar fashion to how they used to move when I was using air magic to fly, during my battle with the skeleton stillwaters.


[3] "You don't?" Melindra asks. "Why not? Are you planning to come back to this city afterwards?"

"Yes!" Daren says. "I mean, I think... I don't know!"

"Well, it's too late to go back now, anyway," Melindra says. "Look below us. We're already passing over their wall. And those archers are getting ready to attack us. I hope at least someone in this group can defend against arrows, because lifting so many people at once using only air magic requires a great deal of concentration, and I don't want to risk dropping any of you while trying to deflect incoming projectiles."

"Attention, to all the mages that are now flying over our wall," we hear a guard shouting through a magical voice magnifier, from the top of the city's wall. "You are to descend at once! I repeat. You are to descend at once! If you ignore this warning, we will treat you as an enemy of the kingdom, and we will open fire! I will not repeat this again!"


[4] As Melindra is talking, the captain of the guards gives the order to attack, and now there are dozens of arrows heading in our direction, while our group is just floating in the air, not having moved an inch since I started tickling Melindra. As soon as she sees the arrows, Kate immediately conjures several shields made of ice, which begin to move in the air all around us, defending us from the enemy's projectiles. 

"Barry, what the hell, man?" Daren asks, as he sees himself shaking up and down, while still floating. "Do you have a death wish?"

"Relax!" I tell Daren. "It's not like she's going to drop us."

"Yes, I will!" Melindra says, "I will drop you! Just you wait-- Ahahaha! Quit it!"

"Yeah, right," I say. "You're going to tell me that you went through all this trouble to find someone who could kill that king of yours, and now you're just going to let us drop to our deaths? Just get us down, will you? Hopefully it's not too late, and we can still talk things over with the guards."

"I'm going to remember this!" Melindra says, as I stop tickling her, so she can finally start bringing us down, towards the ground.


[5] "Of course..." Daren says. "Thank you for your understanding! And I apologize again, in the name of our group. I hope that the next time we meet, it will be under better circumstances."

Daren and I then turn back towards the others, and we signal to them that we're good to go. Melindra still has her pouting expression on her face after what happened earlier, but she doesn't say any more on the subject for the time being, and she takes the lead, as we all move to follow her.


[6] "Great," Daren says, as we're still flying away from the city. "I don't even want to think of how much trouble we'll need to go through the next time we want to enter this city."

"You'll be fine!" Melindra says. "Just tell them that you want to speak directly with Golmyck, and you can sort it out with him. Maybe he'll ask you to pay a fine or something, but I'm sure he wouldn't send you to jail for something so minor. Alright, this is as good a place as any. I'm bringing us back to the ground!"

Melindra then makes a waving motion with her hands, and we all start to descend towards the grassy plain below us. Once we reach the ground, the stillwater girl takes the lead, and we all move to follow her.


[7] "Okay, fine, I admit it!" I say. "We may have gotten a bit lucky there, but still, there were five of them, and they were a squad! She's just one stillwater, and not a particularly impressive one, either. Judging by what spells I've seen her cast until now, I'd say she's an air elementalist. Isn't that right, Melindra?"

"And what if I am?" Melindra says.

"That's like... the single weakest type of elementalist in existence," I say. "Even if you take into account all the artificial mages with their non-traditional elements invented by the lessathi. Can you even cast anything other than wind spells?"

"Of course I can!" Melindra says, visibly upset.

"Oh, yeah?" I say. "Well, why don't you teleport us all to the city of Ollendor right now, then? Eiden could have done it."

"I am not Eiden," Melindra says.


[8] "Well, what if I were to prove you wrong, then?" Melindra says, smirking, as she cracks her knuckles. "All we need is for your white mage to temporarily cancel the effects of his enchanter's oath, and we can get down to business."

"Hey, now we're talking!" Hadrik says, with a grin.

"Sounds good to me," I say.

"Ahahaha!" Arraka says, as I see Kate smack herself hard in the face. "You're all going to get obliterated! That girl doesn't know how to hold back. Ahahahaha!"

"Shut up!" Daren shouts. "Nobody is fighting anyone! I am not going to undo the oath just because you people want a sparring match! We are outside city limits! We could be getting attacked by enemy mages at any moment. We don't have time to play games, here!"

"Fine!" Melindra says, frowning.


[9] "Okay, Melindra, I think you've made your point!" Daren shouts, as loud as he can. "You should come down, now. You're scaring the locals."

As soon as she hears Daren call out to her, Melindra begins to cancel her spell, and all of the air currents forming the tornado slowly come to a halt, over the next thirty seconds, while the trees and the rocks that were caught in the tornado fall to the ground, one by one. Once the twister has dissipated into the air, Melindra comes flying back, and she lands in front of us, with a victorious smile on her face.

"How was that for a demonstration of my powers?" she says.

"Okay, okay..." I say. "You win this round. Maybe the air element isn't as weak as I made it out to be earlier."

"Of course it isn't!" Melindra says. "Even wind by itself can do this much damage, but this is magic wind we're talking about! You can sharpen it like any other element. You can reinforce it. Do you have any idea how many possibilities--"

Melindra suddenly stops in the middle of her sentence, as she briefly falls from her feet, with her eyes closing, looking as if she were seconds away from fainting.

"Are... you alright?" Daren says, while he helps her regain her balance.

"I'm fine," Melindra says, simply, as she rubs her forehead, with her eyes still closed.


[10] "So..." I say to Melindra, as we travel through the area filled with craters and fallen trees caused by the earlier tornado. "Do you still remember our discussion from yesterday? You were just about to tell us how stillwaters are created, but then we got sidetracked, and we never really got back to our initial conversation afterwards. Shall we continue where we left off?"

"That is a lie, and you know it," Melindra says. "I never said I would tell you anything about how you can become a stillwater."

"Okay, you never said you would... but you will tell us, right?" I say.

"No," Melindra says.

"Why not?" I say.


[11] "So..." I say to Melindra. "Do you still remember our discussion from yesterday? You were just about to tell us how stillwaters are created, but then we got sidetracked, and we never really got back to our initial conversation afterwards. Shall we continue where we left off?"

"That is a lie, and you know it," Melindra says. "I never said I would tell you anything about how you can become a stillwater."

"Okay, you never said you would... but you will tell us, right?" I say.

"No," Melindra says.

"Why not?" I say.


[12] "Stop asking," Melindra says. "I'm not telling you anything."

"Could you at least tell us how you met Eiden, and what is your affiliation with him?" Kate asks. "Are you related by any chance?"

"Oh, no, we're not related," Melindra says.

"Ex-lovers, then?" Hadrik asks.

"Not really," Melindra says.

"Then why did Arraka say that you were trailing behind him and the fox during the still winter?" Kate says.

"Well," Melindra says, "we sort of became friends while he was being imprisoned. Actually, we were more like trading partners than friends, but I guess we also became friends, afterwards."


[13] "Dead, most likely," Melindra says. "Most of them got killed by Eiden, but there were also some of them that went wild and got hunted down by various mercenaries. I think there may have been others I don't remember, but either way, I haven't met other stillwaters aside from Eiden in ages. I heard he's been travelling around the world for a while, so I'm guessing that most legends you know about stillwaters were actually about him."

"Did you just say that Eiden killed most of the other stillwaters?" Daren says. "Why did he do that? And when?"

"Well..." Melindra says. "To be quite honest, I think I may have already said too much on this subject. If you want to know more, you'll have to ask Eiden directly."

"Could you at least tell us how you met Eiden, and what is your affiliation with him?" Kate asks. "Are you related by any chance?"

"Oh, no, we're not related," Melindra says.

"Ex-lovers, then?" Hadrik asks.

"Not really," Melindra says.

"Then why did Arraka say that you were trailing behind him and the fox during the still winter?" Kate says.

"Well," Melindra says, "we sort of became friends while he was being imprisoned. Actually, we were more like trading partners than friends, but I guess we also became friends, afterwards."


[14] "I suppose..." Melindra says. "See, when I was tasked with cleaning the prison corridors, I would often notice this large pile of rocks in one corner of Eiden's cell, and each of those rocks were so marvelously unique in their shapes, sizes and compositions that I could barely take my eyes off them. I wasn't sure how I could convince Eiden to give them to me, but once I saw those rocks, I knew that I needed to have them. So I kept coming back to Eiden's cell, and I kept starting conversations with him every day, in the hopes that I'd find out something that he needed from outside his cell, so that I could trade it to him in exchange for some of his rocks."

"You wanted to make a trade with him for some rocks?..." Daren asks. "Couldn't you just have asked him for them?"

"Well, obviously, I could have just asked him for them!" Melindra says. "But who would be stupid enough to give them away for free?"

"But they're--" Daren starts to say, but he interrupts himself mid-sentence. "Ugh... you know what? You're right. My mistake. Please, continue."


[15] "Yes!" Flower says, excited. "I'd love to!"

"Well, okay, but just so you know, I won't be slowing down my pace," Melindra says. "If you want to see them, you'll have to join my side, and I'll show them to you as we walk."

"Of course!" Flower says, as she rushes by Melindra's side.

The stillwater girl then takes off her backpack, and she begins to take out her rocks one by one, handing them over to Flower so she can get a good look at them, and then putting them back inside when she's done. As I was suspecting, none of the rocks seem to have any real marketable value, and they would look completely worthless to anyone else, but that still doesn't seem to stop Flower from marveling at every one of the rocks, while Melindra proudly explains to her the features that made her consider the stones to be worthy of her collection, making sure to also give her a brief summary of where she found each of them.

While Melindra and Flower are having their discussion, Daren gives the rest of us a signal, and we all slow down a bit to have a talk, outside of Melindra's hearing range, while still following her.

"So, what do you all think about Melindra so far?" Daren whispers, while making sure that Melindra isn't paying attention to us. "Do you think that she might be working with Eiden?"


[16] "You know," Melindra says, as she sees us all huddled up together, far behind her and Flower, "if you're going to talk about me behind my back, you could at least TRY to do it in a less obvious way..." 

"What?" Daren says, in a painfully obvious fake tone. "No, you got it all wrong! We weren't talking about you! We were talking about... err... Flower!"

"You were?" Flower says, looking worried.

"Hey, nice save, Daren!" I say, as I pat him hard on the back. "I don't see how anyone could still think that we're being suspicious after a well thought-out explanation like that!"

"Shut up," Daren mumbles, but he doesn't say anything else.

"Listen," Melindra says, "if you all want to have your own private conversations about strategies and whatnot, it's fine, but could you at least wait until we make camp or take a break somewhere? It's annoying to have to keep a lookout for you, so you don't get lost, while I'm also monitoring the monsters that are trying to ambush us."


[17] "But what if the monsters kill us before we get there?" Daren says.

"Then I'd have to find somebody else to help me," Melindra says. "Someone who could kill off a few orcs without complaining so much. Listen, it's just a few monsters. It's not the end of the world. The ice mage could probably take them all out by herself. The little girl too. Even the half-lessathi could probably handle them if he invested in the right stats."

"We have names, you know..." Daren says.

"I don't know your names," Melindra says. "And besides, why would I need to know them? You're all distinguishable enough by your races and specializations that I don't need to bother to learn them."

"You're trying really hard to get on our nerves, aren't you?" Daren says.

"Why do you say that?" Melindra asks, with a genuinely puzzled expression on her face.

"Be quiet!" Kate says. "I can hear the ogres approaching from behind us. I think the orcs started advancing as well. We should be seeing them in front of us soon."

"Wow, that's impressive!" Melindra says. "You can tell all that just from the sound of their footsteps? How can you tell the difference? Is it because ogres are bigger and heavier than orcs?"

"I said be quiet!" Kate says. "If you're not going to be useful, then at least stay out of our way, and don't distract us with your talking."


[18] She then dashes behind one of the orcs that is less heavily armored, and she stabs him in the back with both her daggers. The orc roars, and he turns around, swinging his mace at her. His movements are much too slow for Leila, however, so she quickly dashes back, out of his reach, and tries to attack him again.

"Leila, behind you!" Kate shouts, as another one of the orcs tries to position himself behind Leila, in order to strike.

Kate then attempts to impale the monster with a spike made of ice that appears from the ground, in front of him. The orc manages to smash the icy spike with his enchanted mace, but he loses his momentum, and doesn't get to attack Leila anymore, who quickly slides out of his reach.

"I'll take the ogres," Hadrik says, as he rushes towards the two ogres that were trying to jump us from behind.

In the meantime, Flower engulfs one of the orcs in a pillar of fire, but he walks out of it completely unscathed, thanks to his anti-magic armor, and he starts running towards her, with his broadsword at the ready.

"Damn it!" Flower says, as she jumps out of the orc's way and rolls on the ground.

Once I get a clear shot of the orc that attacked Flower, I aim my crossbow for the narrow slit in his helm, and I pull the trigger.


[19] As I make sure that the orc is dead, I suddenly realize that the two goblin mages that Melindra talked about earlier have still not made their appearance. Should I go look for them?

If I stay here, I'm probably not going to get much use out of this crossbow against those three orcs using shields, and I'd rather not risk hitting Daren and Hadrik by trying to attack the monsters that they're already busy fighting.

I could fight the orcs at close range, but would it be a good idea to let those mages unchecked? I'm going to have to think carefully about this.


[20] Melindra's monologue appears to have caught the attention of one of the orcs that was fighting Leila, because he is now heading directly for the stillwater girl, with his mace at the ready. As soon as he reaches her, the orc swings his mace hard towards her, in an attempt to bash her head in, but the girl evades his strike by floating a few inches above the ground, while pushing herself away from him with a small burst of air from the palms of her hands.

"Quit it!" Melindra shouts at the orc. "Fight them, not me! What are you, stupid?"

The orc ignores her completely, and he tries to hit her again, this time with his shield.

"I said, cut it out!" Melindra shouts at him, as she makes another jump backwards.

She then props herself into the ground with her feet, assuming a rather peculiar stance, as she bends her knees and keeps her elbows close to her body, while she faces her palms towards her attacker.

A very powerful burst of air then comes out of her hands, as the orc gets blown away, and thrown directly towards Kate, who was just about to launch an ice cone at one of Leila's opponents. Seeing the orc flying in her direction, Kate is forced to cancel her spell and to jump out of the way, in order to avoid getting knocked off her feet.


[21] "See?" Arraka says. "This is you. This is how stupid you looked. And do you see those two dots over there? That's where the goblins are. Now stop wasting time and get going. I'm getting second-hand embarrassment just from watching you people."

I try to head into the exact direction where the goblins are drawn on Arraka's map, but for some reason, I simply can't advance further than a few steps. Every time I get too close to the goblins, I instinctively turn away from them, without realizing, and then I see myself going in the opposite direction on the map. Even worse than that is the fact that my mind gets almost completely clouded every time this happens, and it feels as if the only thing that I can think of is how I need to get away from that area, even if I don't have any actual reason to do it.

"There is a suggestion spell cast on this area," Illuna says, as she studies the area in front of us closely. "Arraka is probably not as affected by it as we are because she's inside the amulet, but the spell seems to have a similar effect to the one that Kate is using to protect our camp."


[22] "See?" Arraka says. "This is you. This is how stupid you looked. And do you see those two dots over there? That's where the goblins are. Now stop wasting time and get going. I'm getting second-hand embarrassment just from watching you people."

I try to head into the exact direction where the goblins are drawn on Arraka's map, but for some reason, I simply can't advance further than a few steps. Every time I get too close to the goblins, I instinctively turn away from them, without realizing, and then I see myself going in the opposite direction on the map.

"There is a suggestion spell cast on this area," Illuna says, as she studies the area in front of us closely. "Arraka is probably not as affected by it as we are because she's inside the amulet, but the spell seems to have a similar effect to the one that Kate is using to protect our camp. We're not going to get past this area unless we get a very detailed description of the environment that those two goblins are situated in, so we can imagine that location as we move forward. Arraka, what can you tell us about the area around these goblins?"


[23] "Leila managed to kill two of the orcs she was fighting by herself," Daren says, "but the third one crushed her leg with his mace before she got the time to retreat. At least this gave Kate the opening she needed to aim one of her ice cones through the open slit in his helm, in order to finish him off, but the wound that Leila took was no joke. It looks much better now than it did before. Anyway, after the three orcs got killed, their captain jumped away from me and he blew in his horn, to sound the retreat. What happened to the goblins? Did they get away along with the other monsters?"

"Yes," Illuna says. "We didn't manage to reach them in time because they had a suggestion spell that was keeping us away from them. They got the signal to retreat before we could find a way to get around the spell's effects."

"But where did they go?" Hadrik says. "Are they planning to ambush us again?"

"Nah," Arraka says. "They're gone. If I can't sense them, then they've probably retreated back to their main headquarters. Wherever that is."

"There, it's healed," Daren says, as Leila's ankle goes back to its normal color and size. "But not completely. You shouldn't try any more acrobatic stunts for at least a day, until you fully recover. You should be able to walk without much trouble, though."

"Thank you..." Leila writes, as she gets up from the ground.


[24] Leila complies right away, and she puts as much distance as she can between herself and the two remaining mace-wielding orcs, although one of them immediately begins to follow her. I swing my tree like a club, and I hit the orc that stayed behind from the side, completely crushing his internal organs, and killing him before he hits the ground. Seeing that there is only one orc left aside from the captain, Leila stops moving away from the battlefield, and she dashes straight for her pursuer, slicing his neck wide open, without giving him any time to react.

"HAHAHAHA!" Hadrik laughs, all of a sudden. "What a great idea! Why didn't I think of that?"

He then dashes towards a tree behind him and he pulls it straight out of the ground, roots and all. As soon as he acquires his new weapon, Hadrik tries to squash one of the ogres underneath its weight, but the monster simply blocks the tree with his club, as the force of the blow pushes him one foot into the ground. 

"Daren, you might want to move away from there..." I say, as Daren jumps away from the orc captain, and I swing my tree at him, in an attempt to squash him like I did with his companions.


[25] "No," Illuna answers me. "One of the goblins had cast a suggestion spell similar to the one Kate is using to keep enemies away from our camp. The spell wouldn't let us get near them unless we knew their exact location, because we needed to focus on it while heading towards them. We tried to get Arraka to describe the scenery around them for us, but it took too long, and they eventually teleported out of the area."

"So, where did they go?" I say. "Are they planning to ambush us again?"

"I doubt it," Illuna says. "From what Arraka told us, she can no longer sense any monsters around us, and given the relatively wide area she can cover with her magic sense, I am suspecting that the monsters went back to their main headquarters for now."


[26] "No," Illuna answers me. "One of the goblins had cast a suggestion spell similar to the one Kate is using to keep enemies away from our camp. The spell wouldn't let us get near them unless we knew their exact location, because we needed to focus on it while heading towards them. We tried to get Arraka to describe the scenery around them for us, but it took too long, and they eventually teleported out of the area."

"So, where did they go?" I say. "Are they planning to ambush us again?"

"I doubt it," Illuna says. "From what Arraka told us, she can no longer sense any monsters around us, and given the relatively wide area she can cover with her magic sense, I am suspecting that the monsters went back to their main headquarters for now."

"Guys, guys, I know we're all having fun using trees as clubs and all," Daren says, "but could you please drop those trees, now? You're making me nervous."

"Oh, right, sure," Hadrik and I say in unison, as we both toss our trees to the side.


[27] "I've already told you countless times," Illuna says. "I never managed to fully control that technique. What I did yesterday was a gamble, and I only did it because we were running out of options. And even so, I had to time my spell perfectly, so I'd cast it exactly as the dragon inhaled, when he was preparing to breathe his fire. This way, Tyrath's lungs were already full of water before he could react. If he had any air left in his lungs, he could have simply blown some air out of his mouth, and my water bubble would have dispersed into thin air. That's how little control I have over this spell. And aside from this, I can only cast it on one person at a time, and if someone breaks my concentration while I cast it, the spell will be undone in an instant."

"Well then, why don't you master it?" Arraka says. "Why did I waste my time teaching you such a useful technique if you're not even going to practice using it? Do you really hate me so much that you are willing to limit your spell arsenal just to spite me?"

"Fine!" Illuna says. "If it will make you shut up, then I will start practicing the spell! Now, will you agree to warn us about monster attacks, or not?"

"Of course, of course..." Arraka says. "After all, it's also in my best interest that you two remain alive... at least until I manage to take control of your body."


[28] "Oh?" Hadrik asks, suddenly getting more interested. "Someone was actually strong enough to scar the great hero Daren twice during the same battle? May I ask who this was?"

"It was my martial arts and enchanting master," Daren says. "An ex-sage from the Southern Continent. Well, he wasn't a sage back when he was training me, but he became one afterwards, and he lost the title in the next year. He was an extremely harsh teacher, especially when it came to martial arts, and he was the type that always tried to make you learn lessons from your own experience, rather than just giving you the answer himself. As his final lesson, he told me to fight him with all my strength, by using everything he's ever taught me. This is when I got my two scars. The first time he wounded me, I did not understand his lesson, so he decided to cut me a second time, in the exact same spot, from the opposite side, in order to properly get his point across. Only then, did I realize that the whole purpose of that battle was to show me a huge weakness in my fighting style that I'd ignored for years, without giving it much thought. The third time when he attacked me in the same spot, I was ready for him, and I quickly disarmed him, which concluded my last lesson. Now, every time I see my reflection in the water, it reminds me to always remain vigilant, and to always look out for even the tiniest of weaknesses, because in a real battle, they can mean the difference between life and death."


[29] "Fine!" Melindra says, frowning. "If that's how it's going to be, then you won't hear another word from me."

She then storms in front of us, and we all begin to follow her, one by one, into the depths of the forest. 

"So, uh..." I say, as we all walk behind Melindra. "Illuna, do you think those two goblins might have been part of Fyron's army? Could the goblin general be working with the dragon, now?"

"I highly doubt it," Illuna says. "The dragon already has plenty of goblins under his rule. He shouldn't have any need for Fyron and his 'free' goblins. In fact, the only reason why Fyron and his group have survived for so long is most likely because the dragon doesn't really care about them. There is no pact protecting goblins, so Tyrath could very well destroy their whole camp by himself if he deemed it worthy of his time, and nobody would be able to stop him."


[30] "Hold on a minute, there," Daren says. "Who exactly is this Fyron, and why are you both acting like you've met him before?"

"Fyron is the general of the free goblins of Varathia," Illuna says.

"Okay, and how do you guys know him?" Daren says.

"Illuna has known him since before she met us, I think," I say. "I met him while I was walking around the underground tunnels of the arena with Leila, trying to sabotage the event."

"You were trying to sabotage the--" Daren says, shocked, but he stops mid-sentence, and he shakes his head. "Oh, boy... Nothing is ever simple with you, is it, Barry?"

"So..." Hadrik says. "I don't mean to interrupt your discussion or anything, but shouldn't we be getting a little worried about these well-trained groups of monsters going after our heads? I mean, even I was having trouble with those ogres, and from what I've seen, our spell-casters had almost no effect on the orcs that were wearing anti-magic armor. Maybe we need to rethink our strategies, a bit?"

"Well," Kate says, "maybe the battle would have gone better if a certain member of the group didn't ignore the fight completely..."


[31] "Also," Daren says, "the next time Hadrik says he'll 'handle the ogres', it doesn't mean that you need to let him handle them all by himself. He may be strong enough to not get himself killed, but if either one of you helped him kill those ogres, he could have made mincemeat out of the orcs, without breaking a sweat. And when I say either one of you, I'm talking especially about you, Kate. A few well-placed ice cones should have been enough to finish off those ogres, given how busy they were with fighting Hadrik. I know that Leila is your friend, but you can't just completely ignore your surroundings every time she is in danger. If we're going to fight as a team from now on, you're going to need to put a little more faith in her fighting capabilities."

"I understand..." Kate says.

"Hmm?..." Melindra says, as she turns around, suddenly appearing to gain an interest in our conversation. "That is some very good advice coming from someone who hasn't been paying attention to his surroundings. Maybe I've been underestimating you a little bit..."

"Of course it's good advice," Daren says. "I haven't spent the last twenty years fighting monsters for nothing. Also, didn't you say earlier that we wouldn't hear another word from you? Why are you talking to us all of a sudden?"

"Hmph!" Melindra says, as she turns around. "I wasn't talking to you. I was just thinking out loud. There's no reason for me to talk to any of you people."


[32] When it got past noon, we decided to have a break near a river, in order to eat some meals, fill our gourds with fresh water and gather some fruits, so that Flower could conserve some of her magical energy by not creating food every time we needed to eat something. It would have been nice if the water that Illuna conjures were actually drinkable, because then we wouldn't have to worry about finding sources of fresh water, but from what she told me, the water that she creates with her spells disappears by itself after a while, so we might as well be drinking empty air.

After I finished eating, I sat down on a rock, and I pulled out my notebook, to see if I could find any more of Eiden's loopholes while we were resting. While I was calmly flipping the pages of my notebook, I could see with the tail of my eye how Melindra was slowly closing in on me, although she seemed to have conflicting feelings about whether she wanted to talk to me or not, and she went back and forth a few times, before she finally decided to stop in front of me.

"So, uhm... Barry... was it?" Melindra says, with an obviously forced smile, while attempting to appear cute and approachable. "How are you this fine day?"

"I see that you've finally bothered to learn my name," I say, as I casually flip a page from my notebook, without raising my eyes to look at her.

"Yes, your name is easier to remember than the others," Melindra says.


[33] "You killed a banshee by yourself?" Melindra says. "But the only way someone as powerless as you could ever hope to defeat a banshee would be to attack her in her most vulnerable state, right after the awakening. Which means..."

She pauses for a second, as realization dawns upon her.

"Which means that the person who turned into a banshee was also part of your family, wasn't she?" Melindra says. "Your sister, perhaps? Cousin?"

"Sister," I say.

"And you killed her with your own hands?" Melindra asks, with a look of morbid curiosity in her eyes. "How did the banshee look when she awakened? Did she really look like a genuine monster, like they say in the legends? What about your sister? Did it seem like she was still retaining a part of her consciousness, before the awakening process was over, or was she completely gone?"


[34] "Killed by a banshee?" Melindra says. "And you weren't there when this happened?"

"I was there," I say. "I'm the one who killed her."

"You killed a banshee by yourself?" Melindra says. "But the only way someone as powerless as you could ever hope to defeat a banshee would be to attack her in her most vulnerable state, right after the awakening. Which means..."

She pauses for a second, as realization dawns upon her.

"Which means that the person who turned into a banshee was also part of your family, wasn't she?" Melindra says. "Your sister, perhaps? Cousin?"

"Sister," I say.

"And you killed her with your own hands?" Melindra asks, with a look of morbid curiosity in her eyes. "How did the banshee look when she awakened? Did she really look like a genuine monster, like they say in the legends? What about your sister? Did it seem like she was still retaining a part of her consciousness, before the awakening process was over, or was she completely gone?"


[35] As I say these words, Daren, who was sitting on a rock not far from me, sharpening his sword, now seems to be paying a little more attention to our discussion. I suddenly realize that I never really told him how I met my first banshee.

"Killed by a banshee?" Melindra says. "And you weren't there when this happened?"

"I was there," I say. "I'm the one who killed her."

"You killed a banshee by yourself?" Melindra says. "But the only way someone as powerless as you could ever hope to defeat a banshee would be to attack her in her most vulnerable state, right after the awakening. Which means..."

She pauses for a second, as realization dawns upon her.

"Which means that the person who turned into a banshee was also part of your family, wasn't she?" Melindra says. "Your sister, perhaps? Cousin?"

"Sister," I say.

"And you killed her with your own hands?" Melindra asks, with a look of morbid curiosity in her eyes. "How did the banshee look when she awakened? Did she really look like a genuine monster, like they say in the legends? What about your sister? Did it seem like she was still retaining a part of her consciousness, before the awakening process was over, or was she completely gone?"


[36] "I..." Melindra starts to say, but she hesitates, and I interrupt her.

"Or is it perhaps that Arraka was speaking literally, when she said that you don't know how to hold back?..." I say. "Those crazy stillwater powers must surely come with some sort of drawbacks, no? I would expect someone like Eiden, who knows all the ins and outs of magic to find a way around such a problem, but you don't seem like the type. You still haven't learned how to control your stillwater powers properly, have you? It's too much for you to handle, and you're afraid that you'll accidentally put too much power behind one of your spells, and blow us all away, while also killing yourself in the process because of that oath you made."


[37] "You'll what?" I ask her. "Pat me slightly on the back? Caress me softly? Because that's about the most you can do to me after that vow you made. I bet you must be regretting your decision to make that oath life-binding now, huh?"

"A little..." Melindra says.

"Relax," I tell her. "I don't have any reason to tell anyone about this. It's not like you could help us if you wanted to. If you want to appear as even more unlikeable than you already are, then who am I to stop you?"


[38] "Oh, sure," Melindra says. "Just follow the river in that direction for a while, and you'll be fine. We'll catch up to you in a second."

"Uh... okay, I guess?..." Daren says, and then he turns to the others. "Well, you all heard her. Let's follow the river."

Daren and the rest of the group then grab their backpacks, preparing to leave, and as they go past us, I can see Kate glancing at us a little suspiciously.

"So, about your parents--" Melindra starts to say, but I don't wait for her to finish her sentence, and I go to follow the others, while I put my notebook back in my backpack.

"Hey, I wasn't done talking, yet!" Melindra says, as she hurries to my side.

"Oh, you weren't?" I say, in a dry tone. "Sorry, I wasn't listening."

"Well, in that case, I accept your apology," Melindra says, seemingly oblivious to the sarcastic undertone of my previous remark. "So, anyway, I think that one of your parents might have been part of the lessathi top brass, or at least related to them in some way."


[39] It takes a while before the mages show themselves, but it would appear that they are yet another group of weapon enchanters. They don't really look like thugs, so who knows, maybe this time we can just say hello and then be on our way, like civilized people. I know that I'm being optimistic here, but still...

"Hey, look at that!" one of the weapon enchanters says. "These bozos have brought whores with them to the tournament."

"Wow, you're right," says a second mage. "They even made sure to bring at least one for each of them."

"Do you think that the little girl was brought by the dwarf?" says a third mage. "That sick bastard."

All of a sudden, Melindra grabs my arm with both her hands, and she presses herself against me.

"Darling, are you going to just let them talk about me like that?" Melindra says, with pleading eyes, but with a mocking smile. "You're not going to let them walk away after calling me a whore, are you?"


[40] "Can you two stop talking and focus for a second, here?" Daren says. "I can sense a group of mages approaching us. And I'm not sure if they're friendly. Keep your guards up."

It takes a while before the mages show themselves, but it would appear that they are yet another group of weapon enchanters. They don't really look like thugs, so who knows, maybe this time we can just say hello and then be on our way, like civilized people. I know that I'm being optimistic here, but still...

"Hey, look at that!" one of the weapon enchanters says. "These bozos have brought whores with them to the tournament."

"Wow, you're right," says a second mage. "They even made sure to bring at least one for each of them."

"Do you think that the little girl was brought by the dwarf?" says a third mage. "That sick bastard."

All of a sudden, Melindra grabs my arm with both her hands, and she presses herself against me.

"Darling, are you going to just let them talk about me like that?" Melindra says, with pleading eyes, but with a mocking smile. "You're not going to let them walk away after calling me a whore, are you?"


[41] "Aaah!" the mage screams like a little girl, with a terrified look in his eyes, as he finally understands the situation he's in. "A banshee! It's a banshee! What are you guys still standing here for? Run for your lives, you idiots! Run as fast as your feet can carry you!"

He then jumps over the small river, and he heads into the forest, as all of his companions hurry to follow their leader.

"Are you going to let go of my arm, now?" I ask Melindra.

"Of course, of course!" Melindra says, as she casually releases my arm. "There's no need to be so upset. It was only a joke!"

"That's lovely," I say. "Now how about you take the lead, like before, and leave me alone?"

"Will you come and walk by my side if I go take the lead?" Melindra says.

"I will do no such thing," I say.

"Then I'll stay here, thank you very much," Melindra says.

"Woah..." Hadrik says, with a grin, as he looks towards us. "Did something happen during that break we took earlier, Barry? Do you have anything that you might want to tell us?"

"Shut up," I tell him.

"Leave them alone," Daren tells Hadrik. "I'm sure that Melindra will get bored eventually, and then things will go back to normal. We already know the direction that we need to go in, so we don't need a guide for now. Come on, follow me."


[42] As I go over to Leila, I notice that she was still in the middle of a conversation with Kate.

"Hey, Leila," I say. "Got a minute? There was something I wanted to ask you about your stat device."

"Of course..." Leila writes.

"Since when were you the studious type?" Kate asks me, while raising an eyebrow, after seeing the notebook that I'm still holding in my hands. "I've never seen you use that notebook before, but now you seem to be reading from it all the time."

"Oh, I used to write in this notebook every day before coming to Varathia," I say. "It's just that I kind of had to put that hobby to the side, for a while, because I was too busy fighting for my life in this godforsaken place."

"You were going to ask me something about the stats?" Leila writes.


[43] "Yes," Leila writes. "The energy residue from spells does not stay in the air very long after they've been cast. So, if the stat device cannot convert the energy fast enough, and if it does not have enough capacity to store it for later use, this would mean that in reality, most of the energy that the device is getting is not from spells, but from mage auras."

"That's what I was thinking," I say. "But since the device can only extract a very low amount of energy from each person's aura at a time, this means that what really matters is not how powerful the people are, but how many mages there are within the stat booster's radius, which, if I'm not mistaken, should be around thirty miles, give or take. There would likely need to be hundreds of mages within the device's range, for the conversion to stat points to have any noticeable effect. That would sort of explain why the number of points I've been receiving have slowed down, lately, because a lot of mages have died since the beginning of this tournament, but it still wouldn't explain why we've been receiving fewer points while we were in the city."

"Maybe it's because there were other people with stat devices gathered in Thilias," Kate says. "Surely, you couldn't have been the only person to come up with the idea of bringing one with you to this place. And if you didn't know that stat devices would be mostly useless to people without lessathi blood running through their veins, then there were likely others like you, who didn't know that either."


[44] "Huh..." I say. "Well, then, I guess that all those months I've spent doing physical training in preparation for this tournament were not wasted after all."

"You did physical training?" Kate says, shocked. "And this is the result? I bet I could beat you in an arm-wrestling match if I tried hard enough."

"I said that I only did it for a few months," I tell Kate. "And it's not like that was the only thing that I did during that time. I also needed to do my research. The research that I'm now using to figure out Eiden's weaknesses so we can finally-- hold on a second... Where is Melindra? I could swear that I saw her by the river bank just a minute ago."

"Who cares about Melindra?" Kate says.

"Well, I didn't see her set up her tent," I say. "Do you think that she's not planning to spend the night at our camp?"

"Melindra can go sleep in the river, for all I care," Kate says. "It's not like she's going to help guard the camp in any way. Which reminds me that I should be preparing to take the first shift. You guys should go get some sleep. Neither of you are scheduled to take any shifts tonight, so you might as well enjoy your rest."

We decide to take Kate's advice, and we each head towards our tents. Once I get inside, I place my notebook in my backpack and I prepare to go to bed. I still have some stuff that I'd want to read, but I can do that in the morning. 


[45] "An invisibility spell?" I say. "You mean the one that also masks your aura?"

"Yeah, that's the one!" Melindra says. "Eiden is the one who taught it to me."

"Okay," I say. "So I've learned how you are here, but you still haven't told me why you are here. What do you want? And why couldn't this wait until morning?"

"Well, you see," Melindra says, "when I checked the inside of my backpack this evening, I found out, to my dismay, that I'd forgotten to pack a tent before I left Thilias."

"You've got to be kidding me," I say. "And you couldn't just ask Daren or Hadrik to loan you a tent?"

"I don't know if you've noticed," Melindra says, "but I haven't really been getting along very well with most of the members of your group since we left the city."

"And your solution was to come and wake me up in the middle of the night?" I say.


[46] "If you're under the impression that the ice mage doesn't have any feelings for you, whatsoever, then you are clearly in denial."

"Listen," I say. "Kate has lived most of her adult life in the wilderness, fighting for her life. The only contact she's had with humans for the past ten years was either banshee hunters trying to kill her, or regular people running away from her, scared for their lives. She probably doesn't even know what feelings are, anymore. Kate didn't come here to have fun, and neither did I. She came here to look for her friend, and I came here to fight in a deadly tournament, in the hopes of achieving an impossible dream. Whatever it is you are seeing, it's not there."

"Well, whatever helps you sleep at night!" Melindra says. "And speaking of sleeping, I think I'm ready to hit the sack. If you need anything else from me, just whistle. Nighty-night!"

"Are you serious?" I tell Melindra, as I see her laying her head on the tent's floor, and closing her eyes.  "You can't sleep here!"


[47] "What do you mean, what am I doing?" Melindra asks, confused, as she stops removing her blouse half-way. "I was taking my clothes off. Isn't that what you were suggesting? That it would be weird if we were sleeping together without actually 'sleeping' together?"

"No!" I say. "I mean, yes, but I meant it in the sense that you should get out of the tent!"

"Oh?" Melindra says, while raising an eyebrow again. "So you are telling me that you DON'T want to have sex with me, then?"


[48] "You know what?" I say. "You're right. I don't know what I was stressing about. Let's give it a shot!"

"That's more like it!" Melindra says. "Oh, but I hope you won't mind if I cast an energizing spell on you before we begin. It's just that I've had men run out of steam after only a few minutes before, and I wouldn't want to repeat the experience."

"Well, as long as the spell doesn't have any unwanted side effects..." I say.

"Oh, there's no need to worry about that!" Melindra says. "There are no side effects. That I know of. And besides, I will also be casting it on myself, so it's not like you will be the only one affected by it. Anyway, get ready, I'm casting the spell!"

As soon as Melindra is done casting the spell, I immediately start to feel the energy flowing all throughout my body. I feel as if I could run up and down a mountain, and then still have enough energy left to do a thousand push-ups. This spell is amazing! But it's very likely putting quite a strain on my body, so it probably wouldn't be wise to use it for too long. Well, a few hours won't kill me. Let's see how well this works.


[49] "What are you talking about?" Melindra says, looking at me confused. "You're joking, right?... It's already morning. In fact, it's been morning for quite a while, now."

"What?" I ask her, in disbelief. "No, don't be silly! The sun isn't even up. I know that this tent is not very transparent, but we should still be able to see the rays of light when the sun rises, at least!"

"Well, then I guess that it must be really cloudy outside," Melindra says. "You don't need to take my word for it. Your stat device shows you the hour of the day, right? You can check it yourself. I'm telling you, it's been morning for at least two hours, if not more."

I suddenly panic, and I take my stat device out, to see what hour it is. Just as Melindra said, it seems that it's already well past sunrise. As I stare at my screen, I can see the hour clearly in front of my face, but it feels like my mind is still refusing to process the information.

"How did this happen?" I ask Melindra. "How is it morning already? I don't understand. It's only been a few hours!"

"Time flies when you're having fun," Melindra says. "Is this really the first time you've experienced an energizing spell? Don't worry, you'll get used to it, eventually. I had trouble like this too, the first time I cast the spell on myself, but now I don't have these sorts of problems anymore."


[50] "Oh..." Melindra says. "Well, you see... while I may have learned that spell from Eiden, the thing is that I didn't really learn a complete version of it. The spell itself works just fine, but I can only cast it once a day, and I've already cast it once in the past twenty-four hours."

"Okay," I say. "Okay... No problem. We can fix this. I can't hear anyone outside, so I don't think they've woken up, yet. Flower had the last shift, if I remember correctly, so with a little luck, she might not see you when you walk out of here. Hold on, let me open the tent, and we'll see if the coast is clear."

"Wait!" Melindra shouts, when she sees me pull on the tent's zipper. "The silencing spell hasn't been canceled, yet!"

As I finish opening the tent, I immediately regret my decision, because every single one of my teammates are currently standing several dozen feet away from me, and they're all now staring straight at me and Melindra.

"Oh... right..." I say.


[51] "Great!" I say. "Just great! Well, it's not that late, and I'm not hearing anyone outside, so with a little luck, we might still be able to pull this off. I think Flower had the last shift, so if you can just avoid her, you'll be in the clear. I'll open this tent to see if the coast is clear, and if I give you the signal, you'll rush straight out, do you understand?"

"Mmm..." Melindra says, as she raises her head from the ground, with her eyes still half-closed. "Mmhmm..."

"Okay, good," I say. "I'm going to open the tent now. Get ready."

"Wait, hold on!" Melindra shouts all of a sudden, as she sees me pull on the tent's zipper. "The silencing spell hasn't been canceled, yet!"

As I finish opening the tent, I immediately regret my decision, because every single one of my teammates are currently standing several dozen feet away from me, and they're all now staring straight at me and Melindra.

"Oh... right..." I say.


[52] Huh. Well, that didn't go so well. Maybe with a little luck Kate didn't see her walk out of my tent. Actually, what am I even worrying about? Even if she did see her, I should easily be able to explain what happened. And it's not like I'm worried about Melindra's threat, or anything. She's still under the oath's effect, so there's nothing she can do to me. I mean... it's not like she can actually do anything to inconvenience me if she can't even use her powers to hurt me. Right?...

