
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] "Alright," I say. "Let's go to the Overseer first, then. Can you teleport us there now?"

"I'm on it!" Flower says, as we are both getting enveloped by a bright white light.

"Here we are!" Flower says.

When I look around, I see that we're now somewhere in the sea of light called the ether, with the Overseer's green-eyed drone floating right next to us.

"Processing. Processing..." the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol now understands why it couldn't find your group anywhere in the ether. Having witnessed your ability to teleport, my assumption is that you all must have teleported to a safe haven where you are undetectable. Is that correct?"


[3] "The Overseer doesn't have his drones with him, so I doubt he can be of much help," I tell Flower. "I say we just go directly to Peter and fight him by ourselves."

"Well, if you say so, Barry..." Flower says. "Alright, I'm teleporting us there. Are you ready?"

"Yep," I say, and then we both get enveloped by the usual bright light that appears when you are getting teleported.

"What are you doing here?" I suddenly hear the voice of Peter, once we are done teleporting to our new location, in the middle of the ether.

When I turn to look towards Peter, who was somewhere around twenty feet away from us, I see that the king of the underground was also there, like Flower said, and he had already created a body for himself in the ethereal plane. As I get a better look at the two of them, I notice the fact that Peter's eyes are not shining brightly like Flower's, which means that he must not have experienced the same evolution that would allow him to teleport over long distances and to detect souls on the ethereal plane no matter where they are.

"Take a wild guess," I answer Peter.


[4] "What are you doing here?" I suddenly hear the voice of Peter, once we are done teleporting to our new location.

When I turn to look towards Peter, who was somewhere around twenty feet away from us, I see that the king of the underground was also there, like Flower said, and he had already created a body for himself in the ethereal plane. As I get a better look at the two of them, I notice the fact that Peter's eyes are not shining brightly like Flower's, which means that he must not have experienced the same evolution that would allow him to teleport over long distances and to detect souls on the ethereal plane no matter where they are.

"Take a wild guess," I answer Peter.


[5] "Yes, my king?" Peter says.

"You told me that my earthen body uses its aura to link itself to my soul from the ethereal plane, is that right?" the king says.

"Yes, sir," Peter answers.

"So if the aura is linked to my soul," the king continues, "then it would be logical to assume that my soul also has a separate aura of its own which the earthen aura can link itself with, correct?"

"I... haven't really given it much thought until now," Peter says, "but logically speaking, it should be as you say, yes."

"Good!" the king of the underground says. "So I'm not just imagining things, then!"

He then stretches his arm forward, while pointing his palm towards us, and an invisible force suddenly pushes me and Flower back about ten feet.

"It's a bit weaker than on the earthen plane, but it looks like I'll be able to use aura manipulation on this plane of existence as well," the king of the underground says, as he now turns to us. "Sorry to keep you waiting. I'm ready whenever you are. Just say the word and we'll start the battle!"


[6] "Yes, my king?" Peter says.

"You told me that my earthen body uses its aura to link itself to my soul from the ethereal plane, is that right?" the king says.

"Yes, sir," Peter answers.

"So if the aura is linked to my soul," the king continues, "then it would be logical to assume that my soul also has a separate aura of its own which the earthen aura can link itself with, correct?"

"I... haven't really given it much thought until now," Peter says, "but logically speaking, it should be as you say, yes."

"Good!" the king of the underground says. "So I'm not just imagining things, then!"

He then stretches his arm forward, while pointing his palm towards us, and an invisible force suddenly pushes me, Flower and the Overseer back about ten feet.

"It's a bit weaker than on the earthen plane, but it looks like I'll be able to use aura manipulation on this plane of existence as well," the king of the underground says, as he now turns to us. "Sorry to keep you waiting. I'm ready whenever you are. Just say the word and we'll start the battle!"


[7] "Nobody is trying to kill anyone. All we want is to defeat you and bring this war to an end."

"Is that so?" the king of the underground says. "In that case, I will consider this as a friendly sparring match between two former allies with differing opinions. Now, then... let's put those newly acquired magical powers of yours to the test, shall we?"


[8] "Of course we're trying to kill you. That's what you get for plotting to assassinate us."

"I see that you are still trying your hardest to turn me into the villain of this story," the king of the underground says. "A pity, really... I truly hoped that we could put an end to our disagreements in a more civilized way than this."

"Do you still want me to hold back when fighting them, my king?" Peter asks.

"Only if it does not put your life in danger," the king of the underground says. "If you do not think that is possible, then you have my permission to go all out."

"Now, then..." the king of the underground says, as he turns towards me. "Let's put those newly acquired magical powers of yours to the test, shall we?"


[9] "Let's try to move in separate directions after we teleport again," I tell Flower in a low voice. "I don't think he can maintain two boxes at the same time with his aura technique."

"Okay," Flower says. "Get ready!"

Just like before, Flower grabs my arm and then we teleport outside, but this time we both move away from each other so that we can no longer get caught inside the same box. Sadly, my prediction was completely wrong, because the king easily manages to trap us in two separate boxes, and now Peter is also freezing the air inside them again, without much trouble.

Seeing what happened, Flower panics and she quickly teleports inside my box, grabbing my arm again and then teleporting us out, but as soon as she releases me, she gets a powerful headache that almost makes her faint.

"Flower, what happened?" I ask her.

"I... think I went a little overboard with the teleporting..." she says. "Give me a minute... I'm trying to recover."

"You do not have a minute, I'm afraid," the king of the underground says, as he traps us inside a semi-transparent box again and Peter begins to freeze the air inside it. "That is to say... unless your friend Barry can pull another rabbit out of his hat and come up with a teleportation spell of his own in the next fifteen seconds, of course. I have to admit that nothing coming from him would surprise me anymore at this point."


[10] "Let's try to move in separate directions after we teleport again," I tell Flower in a low voice. "I don't think he can maintain two boxes at the same time with his aura technique."

"Okay," Flower says. "Get ready!"

Just like before, Flower grabs my arm and then we teleport outside, but this time we both move away from each other so that we can no longer get caught inside the same box. Sadly, my prediction was completely wrong, because the king easily manages to trap us in two separate boxes, and now Peter is also freezing the air inside them again, without much trouble.

Seeing what happened, Flower panics and she quickly teleports inside my box, grabbing my arm again and then teleporting us out, but as soon as she releases me, she gets a powerful headache that almost makes her faint.

"Flower, what happened?" I ask her.

"I... think I went a little overboard with the teleporting..." she says. "Give me a minute... I'm trying to recover."

"You do not have a minute, I'm afraid," the king of the underground says, as he traps us inside a semi-transparent box again and Peter begins to freeze the air inside it. "That is to say... unless your friend Barry can pull another rabbit out of his hat and come up with a teleportation spell of his own in the next fifteen seconds, of course. I have to admit that nothing coming from him would surprise me anymore at this--"


[11] "Try to teleport us closer to the king and Peter this time," I tell Flower in a low voice. "That way, they won't be able to put the box around us without trapping themselves in."

"Good idea," Flower says. "Here we go!"

Just like before, Flower grabs my arm and then we teleport out of the box, but this time we rematerialize right next to our enemies. As I predicted, the king avoids using his semi-transparent box when he sees us so close to him, and he tries to use his aura manipulation to push us away instead.

Flower, however does not give the king of the underground the time to use his technique, and she shoots a beam of fire at him, thus forcing him to focus all of his efforts on reinforcing the aura shield around himself. In the meantime, I also take advantage of their confusion to strike Peter with the lightning spell that I used before on the king.


[12] "Can you try attacking the king with a pillar of fire?" I ask Flower. "Maybe that will be enough to break his concentration."

"Okay," Flower says. "I'm trying it now!"

As she is saying her words, a column of fire starts forming from below the king and just as I predicted, he is forced to release us from the box in order to focus his efforts on reinforcing his aura shield so that he can defend himself against the flames. In the meantime, I take advantage of the king's temporary distraction to strike Peter with the same lightning spell that I used at the beginning of the battle.


[13] "Barry, wake up!" she shouts, desperately. "You're fading away! Please, wake up!"

As I finally manage to pull myself together and open my eyes, I realize that she was right. I really am fading away. My body has become almost completely transparent and I am being overwhelmed by a sensation of fatigue and nausea that is hard to describe, while my consciousness is drifting between the earthen and ethereal plane constantly.

"Barry, listen to me!" Flower says, when she sees that I've opened my eyes. "Do you remember what the inside of your mind looked like on the ethereal plane? Can you visualize it?"

I try to listen to her words, but they are not making any sense in my head. Everything feels like it's so far away... as if I were only a spectator watching the end of my life unfold before my eyes, without grasping the direct impact that it has on me, as a person. I am just so tired. The only thing I want to do now is go back to sleep.


[14] As Flower is still putting pressure on the king of the underground with her fire spells, I get in the stance required to cast my previous lightning spell and I do almost exactly the same movements that I did before, except for one small difference in the way I rotate my left hand which changes the flow of the magic completely, allowing me to cast a different spell.

Peter is too busy focusing on his own movements to notice the subtle difference, so by the time I point my finger at him and shoot the lightning, he fully commits to the dispel and he doesn't move a muscle from his position. The electric shock hits him head on, and it even burns through some of his magic shield, because I can see him trembling for a few seconds before he regains his composure.

"You... tricked me!" Peter says, as he puts his hand on his chest and begins to cast a healing spell on himself. "How did you manage to--"

"For crying out loud, Peter!" the king of the underground says, while he is still under assault from Flower. "The man literally told you he invented that dispelling technique and the next thing you do is use it against him again? What were you even thinking?"

"He didn't invent anything!" Peter says. "It's Brinhorn's technique, not his! It's even in the name!"


[15] As the Overseer is still putting pressure on the king of the underground with his fire beam, I get in the stance required to cast my previous lightning spell and I do almost exactly the same movements that I did before, except for one small difference in the way I rotate my left hand which changes the flow of the magic completely, allowing me to cast a different spell.

Peter is too busy focusing on his own movements to notice the subtle difference, so by the time I point my finger at him and shoot the lightning, he fully commits to the dispel and he doesn't move a muscle from his position. The electric shock hits him head on, and it even burns through some of his magic shield, because I can see him trembling for a few seconds before he regains his composure.

"You... tricked me!" Peter says, as he puts his hand on his chest and begins to cast a healing spell on himself. "How did you manage to--"

"For crying out loud, Peter!" the king of the underground says, while he is still under assault from the Overseer. "The man literally told you he invented that dispelling technique and the next thing you do is use it against him again? What were you even thinking?"

"He didn't invent anything!" Peter says. "It's Brinhorn's technique, not his! It's even in the name!"


[16] "My analysis indicates that you are having trouble with your current engagement," I hear the Overseer's voice next to me all of a sudden. "Do you require any assistance?"

When I turn my head to my right, I see that the Overseer's green-eyed drone is now following me around, while simultaneously avoiding every single one of the fireballs without any sort of effort.

"Yes!" I shout, as I make a sharp turn to the left and very nearly evade three fireballs that were rushing towards me at the same time. "I require assistance! Give me assistance!"


[17] "My analysis indicates that you are having trouble with your current engagement," I hear the Overseer's voice next to me all of a sudden. "Do you require any assistance?"

When I turn my head to my right, I see that Flower is now the one keeping the king of the underground busy, while the Overseer's green-eyed drone is following me around and avoiding every single one of the fireballs without any sort of effort.

"Yes!" I shout, as I make a sharp turn to the left and very nearly evade three fireballs that were rushing towards me at the same time. "I require assistance! Give me assistance!"


[18] Peter's first attack against the Overseer is to try to create a stone cage around him in order to limit his movement. Since the spell he is using is easy to predict from the first few hand motions, I dispel it with ease, forcing Peter to retreat as the green-eyed drone is now the one going on the offensive.

After I cancel his second and third spell, Peter finally figures out what I'm doing and he stops using any of his complicated spells, limiting himself only to the simplest and most basic type of magic in his repertoire, so that he won't give me enough time to use my dispelling technique before he finishes his casting. I try in vain to predict his next few spells, but I soon realize that there's no point in using this tactic anymore. I might as well just fight him with regular spells, because right now I'm not making any meaningful contributions to this battle.

Just as I am about to fly closer to Peter, I feel two ropes tying themselves tightly around my ankles, and then not even a second later, two other ropes bind themselves around my wrists as well, pulling my arms behind my back. When I turn my head around, I realize that the four ropes had been conjured from below me while I wasn't looking. 


[19] Peter's first attack against the Overseer is to create a stone cage around him in order to limit his movement. The green-eyed drone, however, does not let itself get trapped so easily, and it uses a spray of acid to melt the cage bars in a matter of seconds. I decide to join the Overseer, by putting some pressure on Peter with a few of the fire spells that I practiced with Flower, which quickly forces our enemy into focusing all of his efforts on defensive tactics.

Just when it seems like we're finally gaining the upper hand in this battle, the Overseer's drone gets caught in a semi-transparent box, similar to the ones that were used against me and Flower at the beginning of the fight.

"My lord, you shouldn't overexert yourself like this!" Peter tells the king of the underground. "I promise I have it all under control!"

"I'm fine," the king of the underground says, in a somewhat tired tone, while he is still defending himself from Flower's attacks with his barriers. "Don't worry about me. Just focus on dealing with Barry as quickly as possible. As long as it's just a small box containing one drone, I can handle it without putting too much strain on my defensive barriers."

"...As you wish, sire," Peter says, and then he turns towards the Overseer, starting to cast the freezing spell that he used against Flower and me when we were also being trapped by the king.


[20] Peter's first attack against the Overseer is to create a stone cage around him in order to limit his movement. The green-eyed drone, however, does not let itself get trapped so easily, and it uses a spray of acid to melt the cage bars in a matter of seconds. I decide to join the Overseer, by putting some pressure on Peter with a few of the water spells that I practiced with Illuna, which quickly forces our enemy into focusing all of his efforts on defensive tactics.

Just when it seems like we're finally gaining the upper hand in this battle, the Overseer's drone gets caught in a semi-transparent box, similar to the ones that were used against me and Flower at the beginning of the fight.

"My lord, you shouldn't overexert yourself like this!" Peter tells the king of the underground. "I promise I have it all under control!"

"I'm fine," the king of the underground says, in a somewhat tired tone, while he is still defending himself from Flower's attacks with his barriers. "Don't worry about me. Just focus on dealing with Barry as quickly as possible. As long as it's just a small box containing one drone, I can handle it without putting too much strain on my defensive barriers."

"...As you wish, sire," Peter says, and then he turns towards the Overseer, starting to cast the freezing spell that he used against Flower and me when we were also being trapped by the king.


[21] Peter's first attack against the Overseer is to create a stone cage around him in order to limit his movement. The green-eyed drone, however, does not let itself get trapped so easily, and it uses a spray of acid to melt the cage bars in a matter of seconds. I decide to join the Overseer, by putting some pressure on Peter with a few of the wind spells that I practiced with Melindra, which quickly forces our enemy into focusing all of his efforts on defensive tactics.

Just when it seems like we're finally gaining the upper hand in this battle, the Overseer's drone gets caught in a semi-transparent box, similar to the ones that were used against me and Flower at the beginning of the fight.

"My lord, you shouldn't overexert yourself like this!" Peter tells the king of the underground. "I promise I have it all under control!"

"I'm fine," the king of the underground says, in a somewhat tired tone, while he is still defending himself from Flower's attacks with his barriers. "Don't worry about me. Just focus on dealing with Barry as quickly as possible. As long as it's just a small box containing one drone, I can handle it without putting too much strain on my defensive barriers."

"...As you wish, sire," Peter says, and then he turns towards the Overseer, starting to cast the freezing spell that he used against Flower and me when we were also being trapped by the king.


[22] Peter's first attack against the Overseer is to create a stone cage around him in order to limit his movement. The green-eyed drone, however, does not let itself get trapped so easily, and it uses a spray of acid to melt the cage bars in a matter of seconds. I decide to join the Overseer, by putting some pressure on Peter with a few of the ice spells that I practiced with Kate, which quickly forces our enemy into focusing all of his efforts on defensive tactics.

Just when it seems like we're finally gaining the upper hand in this battle, the Overseer's drone gets caught in a semi-transparent box, similar to the ones that were used against me and Flower at the beginning of the fight.

"My lord, you shouldn't overexert yourself like this!" Peter tells the king of the underground. "I promise I have it all under control!"

"I'm fine," the king of the underground says, in a somewhat tired tone, while he is still defending himself from Flower's attacks with his barriers. "Don't worry about me. Just focus on dealing with Barry as quickly as possible. As long as it's just a small box containing one drone, I can handle it without putting too much strain on my defensive barriers."

"...As you wish, sire," Peter says, and then he turns towards the Overseer, starting to cast the freezing spell that he used against Flower and me when we were also being trapped by the king.


[23] As I continue to narrowly avoid the multitude of homing projectiles, I happen to catch a glimpse of Peter, who seems to be deeply focused on the fireballs that are following me, and is even directing some of them with his hands from afar.

What's going on, here?... Why does it look like he's controlling some of those fireballs manually? The whole point of this spell is that the fireballs are supposed to follow their target on their own, so that you can continue to cast other spells while your enemy is distracted. Normally, Peter should have no business directing any of the projectiles.

But what if...

What if this isn't his previous spell at all?... What if he just used his ethereal powers to create a bunch of fireballs out of nothing, in the same way that Flower made that palm tree and turned it into a cart?

Of course... If I think about it like this, then it all makes sense!

My dispelling did work! He's just trying to fool me into thinking that it didn't, so that I won't try to interrupt him and make him lose his focus on all these dozens of fireballs that he is controlling individually.

This is it. This is the answer that I was looking for. Now I know exactly what I need to do!


[24] I quickly cast a spell that creates a floating platform made out of rock, and then I place it above my head so that it can defend me from the freezing rain.

Just as I am done positioning my roof, I feel two ropes tying themselves tightly around my ankles, and then not even a second later, two other ropes bind themselves around my wrists as well, pulling my arms behind my back. When I turn my head around, I realize that the four ropes had been conjured from below me while I wasn't looking. The rain of ice isn't anywhere close to starting either, despite the fact that Peter has apparently finished his spell.


[25] I quickly begin to cast the same spell as Peter in reverse, struggling to keep up with his speed so that I can finish it in time for the dispelling to work.

As I am busy concentrating on my hand movements, I feel two ropes tying themselves tightly around my ankles, and then not even a second later, two other ropes bind themselves around my wrists as well, pulling my arms behind my back. When I turn my head around, I realize that the four ropes had been conjured from below me while I wasn't looking. The rain of ice isn't anywhere close to starting either, despite the fact that Peter has apparently finished his spell.


[26] Instead of trying to counter his spell, I decide to wait, and to pay close attention to what my enemy is doing. I know this is risky, but my gut is telling me that he is trying to trick me again, somehow.

As I closely observe Peter, one thing about him in particular strikes me as odd. He is trying to make it seem like he's looking straight at me, but he keeps throwing short glances at something below me every now and then while he is casting his spell. When I look below me as well, in order to see what he was so preoccupied with, I notice four ropes that are getting longer and longer, and moving towards me.

"You bastard!" I tell Peter, as I do some quick movements with my hands and then send a burst of flames to burn all of the ropes. "You were trying to fool me again, weren't you? You were just faking the freezing rain spell so that you could keep me distracted and tie me with the ropes! Do you think I'm stupid or something?"

"No," Peter says, as he now stops pretending to cast the ice rain spell. "But I was hoping that you'd at least take a few more seconds to figure it out. I think it's safe to say that I've been underestimating you a little bit. You are for all intents and purposes a mage and a generalist in this realm, and I should treat you as such. Tell me, Barry, have you ever seen a fight between Brinhorn and Azarius?"


[27] My sense of balance has been completely thrown off. I feel like I'm about to puke. I didn't even know you could have these sensations in an immaterial plane of existence such as this.

That being said, Peter has been kind enough to notify me in advance of what spell he was going to use against me, so I'm not planning to betray his expectations. Recalling the exact spells that Brinhorn cast to get himself out of this situation in one of his duels against Azarius, I begin by making flames come out of my hands, and then I use my palms like hot irons to burn both of my cheeks for a few seconds. As I struggle to endure the excruciating pain from my burnt face, I quickly conjure two boulders in the air on both sides of me, and I use them to smack myself in the face from both sides, right on the burn marks.

When I'm done with that, I create a bucketful of freezing-cold water above my head, and I let it drop on top of me, drenching my entire body in the icy liquid. While I am still trembling from the cold, I point towards Peter with my right hand and then I spin my index-finger counter-clockwise, while I imagine some invisible earplugs dropping from his ears.


[28] "Well, it's not like I had much choice in the matter," I answer him, having finally stopped my trembling. "That sonic attack you did just now is too high-pitched to be perceived by our ears, but its effects are almost impossible to dispel unless you are a highly-skilled, specialized white mage. That is probably one of the reasons why Azarius enjoys sonic spells so much. They are incredibly versatile and ridiculously hard to counter through normal means. Brinhorn might not have given me much reason to genuinely look up to him during the time we've spent together, but I will say that this one particular way he chose to counter Azarius' spell was nothing short of genius."

"It was, indeed..." Peter says, looking as if he were reminiscing over a time long past. "It felt so stupid when I saw it at the time, and yet it was so effective, in its simplicity. Why bother with countering the effects of a complicated sound pressure spell that directly targets your inner ear and messes up your sense of balance, when you can just use tried-and-true, age-old methods that dwarves have been using to get out of their drunken stupors for hundreds of years! I have to say... that fight was truly a sight to behold!"


[29] I am now finding myself surrounded by a hundred or so manticores, which are flying around me from all directions, including directly below me. I already know from the battle between Brinhorn and Azarius that the majority of these are supposed to be illusions, but in the original fight, five of the winged lions were real and Azarius was also hiding amongst them, shapeshifted as a manticore while waiting for the ideal moment to strike.

Just like in the battle that we are copying, Peter has managed to successfully cast an illusion spell, a summoning spell and a shapeshifting spell almost simultaneously, without giving me much time to react. The fact that he managed to cast all three spells without making any movements at all caught me completely off-guard. He must have been secretly preparing the spells while I was being distracted by our previous conversation.

Unfortunately, while I was initially able to track which were the real manticores and which were the illusions, it has gotten harder and harder for me to tell them apart as they've been shuffling their positions constantly for the past twenty seconds. Similarly to what Azarius did against Brinhorn, Peter is in no hurry to attack me, because he knows that the more time passes, the more I will doubt myself on which of the flying monsters I need to defend myself from and which I'll need to ignore.


[30] Now that I don't need to worry about losing sight of the summoned manticores anymore, I can finally concentrate on winning this battle.

From what I remember, Brinhorn was doing fine for most of this fight, and the only real mistake he made was towards the end, so it should be okay for me to copy his spells until then, right? Let's see... Next up was a spell that slightly boosts my reflexes. If I recall correctly, the moves required for this one are-- hey wait a minute, why is Peter suddenly diving for me? That's not what Azarius did. Doesn't he know that he's making himself into an easy target by attacking me like this? He can't instantly shift back to his human form, so he will be highly vulnerable during that time. Or is he planning to attack me in his manticore form? It doesn't matter either way. If that's how he wants to play this, then I'll just hit him with a paralysis spell as soon as he gets within range, and that will be the end of it.


[31] So this is what he had up his sleeve... At least now there shouldn't be any more tricks, so I can focus on--

Once again my thoughts get interrupted, because two manticores suddenly lunge at me from opposite directions. I instinctively dodge them both, but then four more of the flying creatures make a dive for me, and the other hundred or so of them seem to be preparing to engage me as well. Now I get what this guy was doing.

In order to pay attention to all of those manticores at once I needed my focus to remain uninterrupted, but Peter's surprise attack from earlier was just the thing he needed to break my concentration. Now I am no longer certain of which manticores are real, and I no longer have the luxury to sit back and calmly analyze the situation. For all intents and purposes, I am now practically fighting against one hundred manticores and a generalist all at once. Well played. 

It looks like I'm going to have to make some serious improvisations if I want to make it out of this alive. Sorry Brinhorn, it's nothing personal, but I'm afraid that your previous performance during this battle is no longer of any use to me.


[32] For a short while, I was hoping that the anti-poison elixir which I drank on the earthen plane might actually work here, but I guess I was being too optimistic. The effects of the poison hit me almost instantly, as I'm now getting a strong headache and I begin to cough up blood. The headache is nowhere near as bad as the one that I got from the botched teleportation when I was transported to the underground caverns with Leila, but that's not really saying much. This is still much worse than any hangover I've ever had, and it's greatly affecting my concentration.

Of all the things that could have gotten the best of me, it just had to be poison... It's a good thing that Illuna isn't here, or I'd never hear the end of it.

I waste no time and I blow the poison cloud away with a gust of wind. The harm has already been done, but at least now it won't get any worse than it already is. Now where is Peter hiding?... I assumed that he would try to use the mist as cover to take me by surprise, but he is nowhere in sight. Don't tell me that he used the poison cloud just to run away?...


[33] If this is going to be my last stand, then I'd better give it my all.

As I struggle to endure the pain from the headache, I begin to cast a combination of three spells with overlapping patterns that, if done correctly, should unleash an explosion of a quick-drying glue-like substance that will greatly restrict my enemy's movements.


[34] "You know, I really appreciate all the help you're giving me, Peter," I say, as I struggle to appear unaffected by the headache. "You were even kind enough to remind me that I still have a secret technique which I haven't used until now. I might have completely forgotten about it if you hadn't mentioned it, so thank you for that!"

"If you still think you can defeat me, then you'd better do it now," Peter says. "Soon, you won't even be able to tell where I am anymore."

"Actually, I think I might have a better idea!" I say. "Why don't I hold on to this secret technique for a while longer, to keep you on the edge? This strategy seems to have been working wonders so far!"

Peter does not answer me and I can't see the reaction on his face since he's still invisible, but if I were to guess, I'd say that he's probably pretty pissed right now. The fact that he specifically brought up the idea of me revealing my secret techniques made his previous 'advice' seem very suspicious to me. He's clearly trying to bait me, here. If this poison were really meant to get worse over time, he would have tried to stall me instead of telling me to attack him. There really was no reason for him to tell me about all of this unless...

Unless his poison is only temporary and he never bothered to learn any poison spells with long lasting effects! Yes, that has to be it! Now that I'm paying some more attention to my headache and nausea, it does kind of feel like it's getting better, even though the improvement is subtle. Let's see if I can buy a little more time by taking advantage of his unfounded cautiousness around me.


[35] Shortly after I finish my sentence, I begin to feel one of the most eerie and hard to describe sensations that I've ever experienced in my life. The feeling that I'm getting is as if my consciousness is being repeatedly thrust through a tunnel, back and forth, and it can't seem to decide at which end of the tunnel its destination is. 

As this is happening, I'm finding myself for one second lying face-first in a puddle on a street, during a storm, and for the next second I'm back here on the ethereal plane, floating in the middle of the sea of light. 

After being thrown around between the earthen and ethereal plane a few more times, I can sense all of the light around me connecting directly to my mind, and then I begin to hear some very clear thoughts in my head, as if they were my own, even though I am positive that I'm not the one thinking them.


[36] 

"Until we know who that voice belonged to, continuing to fight here would be too risky," the king says.

"I'm afraid you might be right," Peter responds to him.

He then sighs deeply, before continuing to talk.

"I did not want to do this, but I am left with no other choice," Peter says, now turning to me.

"Didn't want to do what?..." I say, but then I immediately find out what he meant, as my body in the earthen plane gets zapped with a powerful electrical current.

"If we can no longer fight in this plane of existence, then I am forced to bring an end to our battle in the material world instead," Peter tells me in the ethereal plane, as his real-world counter-part is still using his lightning spell on me.


[37] I decide to ignore the voice's warning and I take advantage of Peter's distraction to strike him with the same lightning spell that I used at the beginning of our battle. For once, Peter was caught completely off-guard by my attack, and even though he attempted a last-second dispelling, he was nowhere near fast enough. As he is about to lose consciousness, Peter uses what little strength he has left to utter a few final words to me.

"You... cowardly... sad excuse for a--" Peter starts to say, but he doesn't get to finish his phrase before fainting.

As Peter's illusory manticores are now all disappearing, I fly over to the king, so that I can finally give Flower a helping hand.

"Flower, are you ready?" I say, once I get closer to her and the king. "Let's attack him together on the count of three!"

"Attack him?" Flower asks. "But what about the voice in our heads? It warned us not to--"

"Listen, I didn't survive the Magium twice just to let myself be intimidated by the likes of this... personification of the ethereal plane, or whatever that voice was supposed to be," I say. "If the ether was patient enough to let us take the fight this far, then I'm sure it can wait one more minute for us to bring a proper end to it. The king of the underground is the only one left. Let's finish him off quick, before we get kicked out of here."


[38] As Peter's illusory manticores are now all disappearing, I fly over to the king, so that I can finally give Flower a helping hand.

"Flower, are you ready?" I say, once I get closer to her and the king. "Let's attack him together on the count of three!"

"Attack him?" Flower asks. "But what about the voice in our heads? It warned us not to--"

"Listen, I didn't survive the Magium twice just to let myself be intimidated by the likes of this... personification of the ethereal plane, or whatever that voice was supposed to be," I say. "If the ether was patient enough to let us take the fight this far, then I'm sure it can wait one more minute for us to bring a proper end to it. The king of the underground is the only one left. Let's finish him off quick, before we get kicked out of here."


[39] Right before he gets to pin me to the ground with his aura manipulation, the king gets an intense headache and the invisible force above me disappears completely. When I switch my focus to the ethereal plane to see what happened, I realize that the Overseer has now also joined the fight, likely because the king was no longer able to keep him contained after all of the back and forth between the two planes of existence affected his concentration.

Instead of engaging him in the material world, I prefer to fly away from him and to focus on defeating him in the non-material plane of existence where I have the upper hand. As Flower, the Overseer and I cast our spells at the king all at once, we can clearly see that his barriers can no longer keep up, and surely enough, a few moments later we manage to break through all of his defenses. One last lightning bolt from me is all it takes to make the king faint, which causes him to lose his consciousness on the earthen plane as well.

Taking a look at Peter and the king's unconscious bodies that are floating in the ether, a sudden thought occurs to me. If I were to kill them right now, in this place, there would be no evidence on the earthen plane to point towards me being the murderer. Most of the rebels would probably just assume that they died as a result of the Overseer's soul displacement technique. If I actually wanted them dead, there would be no better opportunity than this to rid myself of them.


[40] 

The invisible force above me pins me against the ground, making it impossible for me to move anything other than my head and neck. As I am struggling to break free from the aura manipulation technique, I feel the equivalent of an invisible rock being smashed into the back of my head, likely also as a result of the king's aura technique.


[41] 

The invisible force above me pins me against the ground, making it impossible for me to move anything other than my head and neck. As I am struggling to break free from the aura manipulation technique, I feel the equivalent of an invisible rock being smashed into the back of my head, likely also as a result of the king's aura technique.

The blow was powerful, but not strong enough to knock me out, thanks to all of the levels that I put into my toughness stat. When the king sees that I'm still awake, he tries to hit me one more time with a more powerful strike, but he gets stopped by two long water whips that coil themselves around his arms and pull him back.

As soon as the invisible force above me gets weakened, I manage to free myself and I fly away to a place that is outside the king's range of attack.

"My apologies for the late intervention," Illuna tells me in a loud voice, as she is still holding the king in place with her whips. "I wasn't expecting you two to be returning to the earthen plane so soon."


[42] They're both our enemies. They need to be killed. I'm sure they would have done the same thing to us if given the chance.

"Phew!" Flower says, as she is now using her fire jets to fly closer to me. "I almost thought we weren't gonna make it, for a second there... Nice work, Barry!"

While Flower was talking, I was busy conjuring two large stone plates on opposite sides of the king of the underground's head, positioning them approximately six feet away from him in both directions. Once I was done with that, I did the same thing for Peter, with two additional stone plates.

"Umm, Barry?..." Flower asks, looking a little nervous. "What are you planning to do with those rocks?..."

I ignore Flower and I raise my hands, taking control of both pairs of stone plates at the same time. Then, before Flower has the time to say anything else, I clap my hands as hard as I can and the two pairs of stone plates close in on each other at breathtaking speeds, turning the heads of both rebels into a thick red paste upon collision.

"NO!!!" Flower shouts, as she instinctively flies towards the dead bodies, even if she probably already realized that there's nothing she can do to help them anymore.

She cancels her fire jets a few seconds later when she comes back to her senses, and then she just stares at the lifeless bodies in front of her for a short while before she speaks again.


[43] "I'll tell him the truth."

"You mean you're going to tell him that you murdered them in cold blood while they were completely defenseless?..." Flower says. "How do you think he's going to react to that?"

"Hey, they were only defenseless because we incapacitated them beforehand!" I say. "We both saw how strong they were, even in this realm where the two of us clearly had the upper hand. There's just no way we could have risked having to fight them again, especially on the earthen plane. I'm sure Daren will understand."

"Okay,fine..." Flower says, in a defeated tone. "I don't want to argue with you about this anymore. I've had enough arguments with Petal in similar situations to know that there's no use trying to change your mind if that is truly your perspective in life. It's just that..."

She pauses.

"Never mind," she says. "I should probably get you back to your 'sanctuary' before the ether loses its patience. I'm assuming that you must have recovered your memory by now, right? Do you know which way we need to go?"


[44] "I'll tell him that there was no way to avoid killing them, and that they died in battle."

"You want to lie to Daren?!" Flower says. "Barry, I'm not sure how I feel about this..."

"Look, it's not that big of a lie!" I say. "The fight was very close. It could have gone either way. If things had happened a bit differently, we may well have ended up killing them during the battle."

"But things DIDN'T happen differently!" Flower says. "We had already won that fight! They were both just lying there defenseless and you killed them. You murdered them both in cold blood!"

"Hey, they were only defenseless because we incapacitated them beforehand!" I say. "We both saw how strong they were, even in this realm where the two of us clearly had the upper hand. There's just no way we could have risked having to fight them again, especially on the earthen plane."

Flower sighs.

"Fine, Barry..." Flower says, in a defeated tone. "Have it your way. I don't want to argue with you about this anymore. I've had enough arguments with Petal in similar situations to know that there's no use trying to change your mind if that is truly your perspective in life. It's just that..."

She pauses.

"Never mind," she says. "I should probably get you back to your 'sanctuary' before the ether loses its patience. I'm assuming that you must have recovered your memory by now, right? Do you know which way we need to go?"


[45] They might be our enemies now, but we've still fought side by side with them until recently. I don't really want to consider killing them unless I have absolutely no other choice in the matter.

"Phew!" Flower says, as she is now using her fire jets to fly closer to me. "I almost thought we weren't gonna make it, for a second there... Nice work, Barry!"

"Huh?..." I ask her, as I was deep in my own thoughts and barely heard what she was saying. "Oh yeah, thanks... You too!"

I then wait for a few more seconds before asking her what was really on my mind.

"Say... you wouldn't happen to have any idea about what we should be doing with these two, would you?" I ask Flower while pointing towards the king of the underground and Peter. "I mean... I wouldn't mind tying them up, but I don't think that would be of much help. They can both cast powerful techniques without moving, so they could probably free themselves immediately."

"Couldn't we just ask the Overseer to have his drones carry them to an anti-magic prison cell on the earthen plane?" Flower says. "I'm sure he wouldn't mind."

"Hey, that's not a bad idea!" I say. "I should probably ask him that as soon as I get back to the earthen plane for good. So... I suppose we're done here, then?"


[46] They might be our enemies now, but we've still fought side by side with them until recently. I don't really want to consider killing them unless I have absolutely no other choice in the matter.

"Phew!" Flower says, as she is now using her fire jets to fly closer to me. "I almost thought we weren't gonna make it, for a second there... Nice work, Barry!"

"Huh?..." I ask her, as I was deep in my own thoughts and barely heard what she was saying. "Oh yeah, thanks... You too!"

I then wait for a few more seconds before asking her what was really on my mind.

"Say... you wouldn't happen to have any idea about what we should be doing with these two, would you?" I ask Flower while pointing towards the king of the underground and Peter. "I mean... I wouldn't mind tying them up, but I don't think that would be of much help. They can both cast powerful techniques without moving, so they could probably free themselves immediately."

"Couldn't we just ask the Overseer to have his drones carry them to an anti-magic prison cell on the earthen plane?" Flower says. "I'm sure he wouldn't mind."

"Affirmative," the Overseer says. "The king of the underground and Peter will be transferred to the nearest anti-magic paralysis cell as soon as I will regain full control over my units from the earthen plane."

"Great!" I say. "Glad we got that problem solved! So... I suppose we're done here, then?"


[47] A white light that is different from the one that makes up the ether envelops me and Flower, and then we both get teleported to a different location that looks exactly the same as the previous one. As I look around the endless sea of light to see if I can spot any large cubes, I suddenly feel the force that was pulling me back towards my sanctuary getting magnified a hundredfold.

"Okay, we're definitely closer, but I'm still not seeing the cube," I tell Flower. "I can feel myself being pulled in the same direction as before, but now it's as if an elephant is the one trying to drag me away, not a small dog."

"An elephant..." Flower says. "That means your sanctuary should be relatively close. Let's keep flying in that direction until we--"

As Flower is talking, her voice is getting gradually drowned out by the millions of voices that are now flooding my mind, along with rapidly changing images that are flashing in front of my eyes at too high of a speed for me to be able to tell what they are about.

The voices are all overlapping, but they're mostly just using different words to say the same thing:


[48] With what seems to be the last remaining ounce of my willpower, I manage to focus my gaze upon Flower, who is currently holding me by the shoulders while her flaming red eyes are shining brighter than ever before. Getting a better look at her, I see that not only her eyes are aflame, but her entire body is now made up entirely of fire... Or rather, the kind of fire that feels hot but for some reason is not burning me, even though she is touching me directly with it.

"Barry, I need you to think of what it was like inside the cube," Flower says, loudly. "I need you to visualize it clearly inside your head. Do you understand?"

"Yes..." I say, with my voice barely louder than a whisper.

Just like she asked, I try to remember every small detail that I can from the place called my 'sanctuary', and then I recreate it inside my head. I then close my eyes, so that I can see the image in my mind more clearly.

"I'm imagining it now..." I tell Flower, in the same weak voice as before.


[49] I open my eyes, but to my surprise it is not only the light that is gone from around me, but also everything else. The only thing that I'm seeing before my eyes is pure darkness.

"Flower, are you there?" I try to say, but my words do not leave my mouth.

After trying to talk a few more times, the weakness and fatigue slowly take over me and soon I don't even have the strength to open my mouth anymore. Several seconds later, I find myself closing my eyes again, but this time I lose my consciousness for good.


[50] Just as I'm about to open my eyes, I remember Flower's warning from before she teleported me.

"--no matter what-- open your eyes!" were the words I heard her saying.

The phrase is not complete, but based on the structure of the sentence it feels like she was saying something along the lines of "no matter what, don't open your eyes".

I can't be sure of this, but she did tell me that I should keep visualizing the cube, and she never told me when to stop. I still have the image of the cube in front of me right now, so I guess I should probably keep thinking of it. This is the only thing I should be worrying about. Nothing else matters. Just keep imagining the cube.

A whole minute passes without me doing anything other than concentrating on the image of the sanctuary which I have in my head. Or at least I think it's been a minute. It's kind of hard to keep track of time in this complete darkness.

It's fine. There's no need to open my eyes. I'm still conscious for now, and this is all that matters. A minute ago, I could have sworn that I only had a few seconds left to live, but somehow I'm still here. I'm still awake. Whatever Flower did, it must have had at least some positive effect, or else I wouldn't be alive.


[51] "Okay, Flower has calmed down for now," Illuna says. "What were we talking about again? Oh right, the darkness. Well, there's not much to say about it, really. Darkness is the absence of light. The light from the ethereal plane is the ether itself. The ether was the one attacking you, so Flower decided to teleport you in the only place where you'd be truly safe from it. However, the only way to get yourself out of the ethereal abyss is by imagining a place very clearly in your head, and being firmly convinced that you can transport yourself there through your own powers. Seeing that you were no longer breathing on the earthen plane, I assumed that you had failed at your task, so I had to get a little creative."

She then holds out her palm and conjures a floating sphere of water above it, hinting that she was the reason why the water that I was drenched in was three times colder than the rain drops from the storm.

"Wow..." I tell her. "I don't know what to say. Thank you. And Flower. I have no idea what would have happened if you two hadn't intervened the way you did. How did you even come up with these ideas?"

"...Experience," Illuna says. "And a little bit of ingenuity. Let's just say that this isn't the first time when we've had to make use of the ethereal abyss, and it probably won't be the last either. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to check up on Flower. There are still a few matters left unresolved in the ethereal plane that we need to take care of."

"Wait, is Flower okay?" I ask. "I can't switch my consciousness back to the ethereal plane to check. Did she manage to escape from the ether?"


[52] The drones are very diligent workers. Thanks to their faultless organization, they manage to empty the plaza of bodies in less than five minutes. By the time the drones and rebels are gone, Flower is finally done returning all of my friends' souls to their sanctuaries in the ethereal plane, and now that they've woken up on the earthen plane, they are slowly gathering around me and Illuna.

"Are you sure that's what the red-eyed drone said?" Daren asks me, after I explain to him what happened to all the unconscious rebels on the ground.

"Yeah, it was pretty clear in its wording," I tell Daren. "If we want to talk to the Overseer, we need to go to the palace."

"I don't remember this being part of our original agreement with him..." Daren says.

"We never really agreed that we wouldn't meet him at the palace either," I say. "Technically speaking, he's not breaking his word."

"Hmm..." Daren says. "I'm not sure how much I like this. He could have easily sent a green-eyed drone to talk to us, but instead he's making us go all the way there. This feels like he's trying to show us who's really in control, here."

"I mean... is he really wrong, though?" I say. "He's clearly in a superior bargaining position at this point. All major threats to him in this city are now gone. We are practically the only ones left who can still somewhat challenge him."


[53] The drones are very diligent workers. Thanks to their faultless organization, they manage to empty the plaza of bodies in less than five minutes. By the time the drones and rebels are gone, Flower is finally done returning all of my friends' souls to their sanctuaries in the ethereal plane, and now that they've woken up on the earthen plane, they are slowly gathering around me and Illuna.

"Are you sure that's what the red-eyed drone said?" Daren asks me, after I explain to him what happened to all the unconscious rebels on the ground.

"Yeah, it was pretty clear in its wording," I tell Daren. "If we want to talk to the Overseer, we need to go to the palace."

"I don't remember this being part of our original agreement with him..." Daren says, as Leila is waking Kate up so that she can join us as well.

"We never really agreed that we wouldn't meet him at the palace either," I say. "Technically speaking, he's not breaking his word."

"Hmm..." Daren says. "I'm not sure how much I like this. He could have easily sent a green-eyed drone to talk to us, but instead he's making us go all the way there. This feels like he's trying to show us who's really in control, here."

"I mean... is he really wrong, though?" I say. "He's clearly in a superior bargaining position at this point. All major threats to him in this city are now gone. We are practically the only ones left who can still somewhat challenge him."


[54] Just as I am about to head towards the castle myself, I get a sudden dizziness, and for a split second it feels like my consciousness is drifting away again into the ethereal plane, where I get a direct view of the inside of my empty cube that is supposed to be my sanctuary. What just happened? Did I really switch back to my perspective from the ethereal plane for a second there, or am I just imagining things?

"You alright, Barry?" Hadrik says, when he sees me frozen in place at the back of the group, and sweating something fierce.

"You didn't... feel anything just now?" I ask Hadrik, as I'm trying to calm myself down.

"What do you mean?" Hadrik asks. "What was I supposed to feel?"

"...Nothing," I tell him. "I'm sure it was nothing. Let's get going. We need to catch up to the others."

As Hadrik nods and then goes on ahead of me, I stand there in place for a few more seconds, contemplating on what just happened.


[55] Chapter 10 of book 3 is now available. Press on the button below to proceed.

Please be aware that this chapter will be divided into two separate sections, but there will only be one checkpoint, at the beginning of the chapter, so that you can still restart the chapter from the beginning in case you didn't save your game there manually.

----Summary of the previous chapter----

After a fierce battle in the ethereal plane, Barry and his friends managed to defeat the Overseer, with a little help from the king of the underground and Peter.

Now that there is nobody left to claim the throne after the old king's death, an election is about to be held in the underground caverns, in order to establish who the rebels will nominate to be the new king of Ollendor.


[56] Chapter 10 of book 3 is now available. Press on the button below to proceed.

Please be aware that this chapter will be divided into two separate sections, but there will only be one checkpoint, at the beginning of the chapter, so that you can still restart the chapter from the beginning in case you didn't save your game there manually.

----Summary of the previous chapter----

After a fierce battle in the ethereal plane, Barry and his friends finally managed to defeat the king of the underground and Peter. Once the battle was over, the Overseer's drones carried all of the unconscious rebels away from the battlefield, in order to lock them in a prison.

However, instead of sending a green-eyed drone to talk to Barry and his team, the Overseer summoned them all to the royal palace, without giving them any other options to contact him.

Reluctantly, Barry and the others started heading towards the Ollendor castle, so that they could have one last discussion with the Overseer about his plans of ruling the city, now that the rebels no longer posed a problem for him.

