
[1] 

[2] "Um, yeah," Flower says. "That's right... Wait, you've been looking for us?"

"Affirmative," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol wishes to apologize for the inconvenience it has caused. Your souls were not meant to be teleported outside of your minds along with the rebels' souls. Unfortunately, the technique I used was still experimental, and it ended up affecting the whole area of the battlefield instead of targeting only our common enemies."

"Oh, it's no problem!" Flower says. "Everyone's fine now. So anyway, we wanted to ask you if you'd like to fight Peter and the king of the underground together with us here, on the ethereal plane. I could teleport us to them right now if you want!"

"The Overseer protocol accepts your offer," the green-eyed drone says. "That was the destination that I was heading to as well."

"Great!" Flower says. "Get ready, then. We're teleporting in three... two... one..."


[3] "Normally, I would assume that the only reason you could have to pay us a visit in this realm would be to ask for our help in fighting the Overseer," the king of the underground says, "but judging by the tone of your voice, I am beginning to doubt that this is the case. Am I to understand that everything you told us before the battle was a lie, and you did betray us after all?"

"Pretty much," I answer him.

"This is a mistake," Peter says. "You should not challenge me in this place. Turn back while you still have the chance."

"Sorry," I say. "Not happening."

"You don't understand what you're getting yourselves into," Peter says. "The Overseer is the only one I want to fight here. Leave now, and we can still--"

"Peter, I'm sorry for interrupting," says the king of the underground. "But I have a quick question for you before we begin our fight."


[4] "Normally, I would assume that the only reason you could have to pay us a visit in this realm would be to ask for our help in fighting the Overseer," the king of the underground says, "but given the fact that you teleported here together with the enemy, I am beginning to doubt that this is the case. Am I to understand that everything you told us before the battle was a lie, and you did betray us after all?"

"Pretty much," I answer him.

"This is a mistake," Peter says. "You should not challenge me in this place. Turn back while you still have the chance."

"Sorry," I say. "Not happening."

"You don't understand what you're getting yourselves into," Peter says. "The Overseer is the only one I want to fight here. Leave now, and we can still--"

"Peter, I'm sorry for interrupting," says the king of the underground. "But I have a quick question for you before we begin our fight."


[5] "This is a mistake," Peter says. "You should not challenge me in this place. Turn back while you still have the chance."

"Sorry," I say. "Not happening."

"You don't understand what you're getting yourselves into," Peter says. "The Overseer is the only one I want to fight here. Leave now, and we can still--"

"Peter, I'm sorry for interrupting," says the king of the underground. "But I have a quick question for you before we begin our fight."


[6] "Okay," I tell him, as I get in a special stance and I make some very fast hand movements while I'm imagining the magical energy building up in my fingertips. "I'm saying the word, then."

Before the king has the time to respond, I point my finger at him and a bolt of lightning shoots out of it, straight for his chest. The lightning bolt seems to hit him at first, but then I realize that the only thing I did was to slightly graze his invisible shield made out of hardened aura that is surrounding him.

Following my lead, Flower also commences the attack, by hitting both Peter and the king of the underground with a barrage of fireballs. When the flames from the explosions fade away, I see that Peter had managed to create a dome of ice around them, which shielded them completely but is now quickly melting from all the heat.

"That was quite the powerful attack you fired towards us, little girl," the king of the underground says, once the ice dome is completely gone. "If I didn't know any better, I might even get the wrong idea that you were trying to kill us."


[7] As he finishes his sentence, the king extends his arms towards us and right afterwards Flower and I get surrounded by a box made out of semi-transparent impenetrable walls, which look very similar to the ones that were being used by Talmak's elf subordinate. Before I get to ask myself what the king is trying to do, the air inside the box starts to get colder and colder, to the point that we would likely become frozen statues if we were to spend more than half a minute in here.

"Hold on tight," Flower tells me, as she grabs my arm. "We're teleporting out."

As usual, a bright light surrounds us and our bodies start to vibrate loudly. A few seconds later, we find ourselves outside the box, but it looks like we have a slight problem on our hands. A new semi-transparent box was created just as quickly around us, and the air inside it is also beginning to freeze at a rapid pace, likely as a result of one of Peter's spells.


[8] While the king is talking, I am not processing any of his words, because my mind is too busy going through every single spell I've ever learned in a matter of seconds, in a desperate attempt to figure out if there's anything at all that could help me get out of this situation alive. While my head is filled with hundreds of possible combinations of spells, I can slowly feel the cold creeping in, until my whole body is trembling uncontrollably.

During this time, Flower attempts to get us out of the box a few times, but she just can't concentrate enough to cast her teleportation spell, and the ever-increasing coldness in the air is only making it harder for her to stay awake. Eventually, we both succumb to the freezing cold, and we lose our consciousness.


[9] Before he gets to finish his sentence, the king of the underground gets attacked by a powerful fire beam, and he is forced to release us from the box in order to focus all of his efforts on reinforcing the aura shield around himself.

As Flower and I get away from the freezing air, we see that the one who attacked the king was the Overseer, who finally decided to stop spectating and join the battle as well.

"My apologies for not helping you sooner," the Overseer says. "I was uncertain whether your current situation was part of your plan or if you were genuinely in need of assistance."

"It's fine," I tell the Overseer, as I'm still catching my breath. "Keep doing what you're doing. Don't give the king of the underground the time to fight back."

"Understood," the Overseer says.

While the Overseer is keeping his fire beam aimed at the king of the underground and Flower is still recovering, I decide to rejoin the fight by striking Peter with the same lightning spell that I used before on the king.


[10] To my surprise, instead of trying to evade it, Peter makes the exact same movements as me, only in reverse, and my lightning disappears as soon as it reaches him.

Was that... the Brinhorn dispelling technique? Is this guy seriously using my own technique against me? Oh, he's going to regret this.

"What are you blabbering about?" Peter asks me, having apparently heard my thoughts. "What do you mean 'your own technique'? If you were trying to distract me, you should have gone with a lie that was a bit more credible."

Ah, crap. I forgot to think without words again. I'd better make sure to think faster from now on, or I'll give away all of my plans to him.

Okay, so the way I see it, this technique has one major weakness, which is the fact that you need to figure out what your enemy is casting very quickly, so that you can do all of the movements in reverse and somehow still finish them fast enough to counter your opponent's spell. Due to this fact, multi-step dispelling is particularly vulnerable to feints.

Oh, boy... I really hope I didn't think all that out loud, or I'll be making a complete fool of myself.


[11] After being unconscious for some time, I begin to vaguely hear the voices of the king of the underground and Peter, who both sound rather tense. When I try to wake up, I realize that I can't move my body at all and even my eyes won't open. It feels like I'm only half-awake right now, with my mind still trying to decide if what I'm hearing is really happening, or if it's all just a dream.

"We can't just leave them here, damn it!" the king of the underground says. "They're going to get killed at this rate."

"With all due respect, sir... why do you care so much about what happens to them?" Peter says. "They were more than willing to kill us earlier, when they fought against us/ They betrayed us and our cause. They allied themselves with the Overseer. What obligation do we have to save their lives?"

"They may have been our enemies in this fight, but that does not negate all the help that their group has given us in our time of need," the king of the underground says. "At least wake them up before we leave. Give them a chance to defend themselves from... whatever this is!"

"As you wish, my lord," Peter says. "But I will only wake the little girl up. The other one may know of a way to cancel my teleportation, and I do not want to risk it."

Shortly after their talk, I hear the sound of their bodies vibrating loudly as they are teleporting away, and then there is only silence for a while. The silence doesn't last for long, however, because it soon gets replaced with the sound of Flower shouting in my ear, while she is shaking me violently. 


[12] "Barry, I need to know that you understand me!" Flower says in a panicky voice. "I need you to tell me that-- oh my gods, you're almost gone. Barry, stay with me, please! Barry!!!"

Flower's screams are nothing more than background noise to me now. As soon as my body from the ethereal plane becomes completely transparent, the fatigue disappears, and it is replaced with a feeling of calm, as I quickly begin to lose any sense of who I am or what I had been doing until a few moments prior, and I can feel myself melding with the light around me, while my consciousness is slowly fading away.

At long last, it is over. At long last, I can rest.


[13] "Well, I don't care who it was named after, just don't use it again, okay?" the king says. "You're an ethereal and a generalist. Surely you can think of better ways to engage him than simply cancelling his beginner-level spells!"

"Perhaps you are right," Peter says, as he finishes his healing spell. "Let me see if I can try something a little more... overwhelming."

He then begins to move his hands very quickly, while he is amassing an insane amount of energy for his next spell. I immediately recognize it as being one of the most complex fire spells that you can learn from the standard manuals, which is meant to summon dozens of fireballs that would follow me around no matter where I'd go.

Without thinking, I start to cast the same spell in reverse, so I can dispel it. Being the first time when I actually used the multi-step dispelling technique in combat, I almost didn't make it, but I managed to pick up the pace towards the end and I barely got to finish my movements, right as the fireballs were beginning to form. 

Once the fireballs fade into thin air, I decide to make full use of the training I got from Flower, and I cast three fire spells one after the other in an attempt to catch my enemy off-guard.


[14] "Well, I don't care who it was named after, just don't use it again, okay?" the king says. "You're an ethereal and a generalist. Surely you can think of better ways to engage him than simply cancelling his beginner-level spells!"

"Perhaps you are right," Peter says, as he finishes his healing spell. "Let me see if I can try something a little more... overwhelming."

He then begins to move his hands very quickly, while he is amassing an insane amount of energy for his next spell. I immediately recognize it as being one of the most complex fire spells that you can learn from the standard manuals, which is meant to summon dozens of fireballs that would follow me around no matter where I'd go.

Without thinking, I start to cast the same spell in reverse, so I can dispel it. Being the first time when I actually used the multi-step dispelling technique in combat, I almost didn't make it, but I managed to pick up the pace towards the end and I barely got to finish my movements, right as the fireballs were beginning to form. 

Once the fireballs fade into thin air, I decide to make full use of the training I got from Illuna, and I cast three water spells one after the other in an attempt to catch my enemy off-guard.


[15] "Well, I don't care who it was named after, just don't use it again, okay?" the king says. "You're an ethereal and a generalist. Surely you can think of better ways to engage him than simply cancelling his beginner-level spells!"

"Perhaps you are right," Peter says, as he finishes his healing spell. "Let me see if I can try something a little more... overwhelming."

He then begins to move his hands very quickly, while he is amassing an insane amount of energy for his next spell. I immediately recognize it as being one of the most complex fire spells that you can learn from the standard manuals, which is meant to summon dozens of fireballs that would follow me around no matter where I'd go.

Without thinking, I start to cast the same spell in reverse, so I can dispel it. Being the first time when I actually used the multi-step dispelling technique in combat, I almost didn't make it, but I managed to pick up the pace towards the end and I barely got to finish my movements, right as the fireballs were beginning to form. 

Once the fireballs fade into thin air, I decide to make full use of the training I got from Melindra, and I cast three wind spells one after the other in an attempt to catch my enemy off-guard.


[16] "Well, I don't care who it was named after, just don't use it again, okay?" the king says. "You're an ethereal and a generalist. Surely you can think of better ways to engage him than simply cancelling his beginner-level spells!"

"Perhaps you are right," Peter says, as he finishes his healing spell. "Let me see if I can try something a little more... overwhelming."

He then begins to move his hands very quickly, while he is amassing an insane amount of energy for his next spell. I immediately recognize it as being one of the most complex fire spells that you can learn from the standard manuals, which is meant to summon dozens of fireballs that would follow me around no matter where I'd go.

Without thinking, I start to cast the same spell in reverse, so I can dispel it. Being the first time when I actually used the multi-step dispelling technique in combat, I almost didn't make it, but I managed to pick up the pace towards the end and I barely got to finish my movements, right as the fireballs were beginning to form. 

Once the fireballs fade into thin air, I decide to make full use of the training I got from Kate, and I cast three ice spells one after the other in an attempt to catch my enemy off-guard.


[17] "Request confirmed," the Overseer drone says, as it continues to graciously glide between the fireballs without a care in the world. "Now initiating rescue procedure. Please be advised that the Overseer protocol is currently unable to use its experimental procedures designed for the ethereal plane, due to high risk of endangering one or more members of the group named 'Felran, the strongest fire elementalist on the Eastern Continent'. If you wish to file a complaint concerning the Overseer's inefficiency, we politely ask that you refer to section 5C-E789 of the Overseer operating manual. Thank you for your understanding."

 "Okay, I get it!" I say. "I don't need the experimental procedures! Just do something! Anything!"

"Acknowledged," the Overseer says. "Experimental procedures are now put on hold until further notice. Rescue procedure will be commencing in T-minus five seconds. Have a pleasant day!"

Shortly after the Overseer stops talking, a green light envelops the entire area of the battlefield, and then all of the fireballs that were following me disappear in an instant, leaving both me and Peter speechless.

"How the-- how on earth did you manage to dispel such a complex spell after it had already been cast?..." I ask the Overseer, shocked.

"Your interpretation of the events that transpired is partly incorrect," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol did not in fact dispel anything. I simply took advantage of my knowledge acquired from the Magium to disable all types of ethereal matter manipulation in this general area."


[18] "Request confirmed," the Overseer drone says, as it continues to graciously glide between the fireballs without a care in the world. "Now initiating rescue procedure. Please be advised that the Overseer protocol is currently unable to use its experimental procedures designed for the ethereal plane, due to high risk of endangering one or more members of the group named 'Cutthroat Dave'. If you wish to file a complaint concerning the Overseer's inefficiency, we politely ask that you refer to section 5C-E789 of the Overseer operating manual. Thank you for your understanding."

 "Okay, I get it!" I say. "I don't need the experimental procedures! Just do something! Anything!"

"Acknowledged," the Overseer says. "Experimental procedures are now put on hold until further notice. Rescue procedure will be commencing in T-minus five seconds. Have a pleasant day!"

Shortly after the Overseer stops talking, a green light envelops the entire area of the battlefield, and then all of the fireballs that were following me disappear in an instant, leaving both me and Peter speechless.

"How the-- how on earth did you manage to dispel such a complex spell after it had already been cast?..." I ask the Overseer, shocked.

"Your interpretation of the events that transpired is partly incorrect," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol did not in fact dispel anything. I simply took advantage of my knowledge acquired from the Magium to disable all types of ethereal matter manipulation in this general area."


[19] "Request confirmed," the Overseer drone says, as it continues to graciously glide between the fireballs without a care in the world. "Now initiating rescue procedure. Please be advised that the Overseer protocol is currently unable to use its experimental procedures designed for the ethereal plane, due to high risk of endangering one or more members of the group named 'Barry'. If you wish to file a complaint concerning the Overseer's inefficiency, we politely ask that you refer to section 5C-E789 of the Overseer operating manual. Thank you for your understanding."

 "Okay, I get it!" I say. "I don't need the experimental procedures! Just do something! Anything!"

"Acknowledged," the Overseer says. "Experimental procedures are now put on hold until further notice. Rescue procedure will be commencing in T-minus five seconds. Have a pleasant day!"

Shortly after the Overseer stops talking, a green light envelops the entire area of the battlefield, and then all of the fireballs that were following me disappear in an instant, leaving both me and Peter speechless.

"How the-- how on earth did you manage to dispel such a complex spell after it had already been cast?..." I ask the Overseer, shocked.

"Your interpretation of the events that transpired is partly incorrect," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol did not in fact dispel anything. I simply took advantage of my knowledge acquired from the Magium to disable all types of ethereal matter manipulation in this general area."


[20] "Request confirmed," the Overseer drone says, as it continues to graciously glide between the fireballs without a care in the world. "Now initiating rescue procedure. Please be advised that the Overseer protocol is currently unable to use its experimental procedures designed for the ethereal plane, due to high risk of endangering one or more members of the group named 'Unidentified'. If you wish to file a complaint concerning the Overseer's inefficiency, we politely ask that you refer to section 5C-E789 of the Overseer operating manual. Thank you for your understanding."

 "Okay, I get it!" I say. "I don't need the experimental procedures! Just do something! Anything!"

"Acknowledged," the Overseer says. "Experimental procedures are now put on hold until further notice. Rescue procedure will be commencing in T-minus five seconds. Have a pleasant day!"

Shortly after the Overseer stops talking, a green light envelops the entire area of the battlefield, and then all of the fireballs that were following me disappear in an instant, leaving both me and Peter speechless.

"How the-- how on earth did you manage to dispel such a complex spell after it had already been cast?..." I ask the Overseer, shocked.

"Your interpretation of the events that transpired is partly incorrect," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol did not in fact dispel anything. I simply took advantage of my knowledge acquired from the Magium to disable all types of ethereal matter manipulation in this general area."


[21] "Request confirmed," the Overseer drone says, as it continues to graciously glide between the fireballs without a care in the world. "Now initiating rescue procedure. Please be advised that the Overseer protocol is currently unable to use its experimental procedures designed for the ethereal plane, due to high risk of endangering one or more members of the group named 'Da-ren'. If you wish to file a complaint concerning the Overseer's inefficiency, we politely ask that you refer to section 5C-E789 of the Overseer operating manual. Thank you for your understanding."

 "Okay, I get it!" I say. "I don't need the experimental procedures! Just do something! Anything!"

"Acknowledged," the Overseer says. "Experimental procedures are now put on hold until further notice. Rescue procedure will be commencing in T-minus five seconds. Have a pleasant day!"

Shortly after the Overseer stops talking, a green light envelops the entire area of the battlefield, and then all of the fireballs that were following me disappear in an instant, leaving both me and Peter speechless.

"How the-- how on earth did you manage to dispel such a complex spell after it had already been cast?..." I ask the Overseer, shocked.

"Your interpretation of the events that transpired is partly incorrect," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol did not in fact dispel anything. I simply took advantage of my knowledge acquired from the Magium to disable all types of ethereal matter manipulation in this general area."


[22] I was so focused on their battle that it didn't even cross my mind to check my surroundings. Was this his plan all along? To distract me with his fight against the Overseer while secretly using conjuration magic to make these restraints appear out of nowhere? Damn it, if only I could move my arms a little, I might be able to burn the ropes with a fire spell or something. I'm not at a level where I can cast spells without moving my arms, yet. Isn't there some spell that requires me to only move my fingers which could be helpful in this situation? What about the Overseer? Maybe he can get me out of this! I need to call out to him.

"Hey, Overseer, can you help--"

"Time's up," Peter says, before I get the time to finish my sentence, and then he uses my initial lightning spell against me, making me lose my consciousness in a matter of seconds.


[23] Since I could pretty much guess what spell he was going to use before he even started moving his hands, I easily managed to cast the spell in reverse and to dispel it before he could finish his motions. That being said, there is no way for me to dispel the box itself, so the drone is still trapped, even if it is no longer in mortal danger.

"Unfortunately, the Overseer protocol is unable to free itself from its captivity or cast spells outside of the box without the use of its experimental features,"  the green-eyed drone says. "The Overseer apologizes for the inconvenience, and hopes that the current circumstances will not negatively impact the rating you will give it in the end-of-month survey."

"Don't worry, Overseer, I got you covered!" I say. "No matter what spell he casts while you're inside that box, I'm pretty confident that I can dispel it."

As I am saying these words, Peter gives me one long look, and he just stands there for about ten seconds, contemplating on what I've said.

"What's the matter, Peter?" I say. "Did you give up already?"

"No..." Peter says. "But I think it's safe to say that I might have been underestimating you a little bit, until now. After thinking things over for a short while, I realized that you are for all intents and purposes a mage and a generalist in this realm, and maybe I should start treating you as such. Tell me, Barry, have you ever seen a fight between Brinhorn and Azarius?"


[24] After I dodge a few more of the flaming projectiles, I lure them away from Peter on purpose, and once my path towards him is clear, I make a beeline for my opponent, while preparing a very simple daze spell that can barely make someone dizzy for a few seconds. 

Once I get close enough, I cast the spell on him and the very next moment, all of the fireballs disappear, while Peter is quickly recovering from his short stupor.

"Hah!" I say. "I knew it! I knew that my dispelling couldn't have failed! I should have known that this would be a trick from the very beginning."

"You are testing my patience..." Peter says. "You don't want me to use my actual powerful spells against you in this realm. Give up now, if you don't want to risk your life needlessly."

"I'm sorry, was that supposed to intimidate me?" I say. "Because that didn't sound scary at all. Maybe you should try investing a few more points in your Bluff stat."

Instead of answering me, Peter begins to cast an even more complicated spell that if I'm not mistaken is meant to fill a huge area with endless raindrops of a freezing liquid that is cold enough to incapacitate you in a matter of seconds. I have to do something about this quick.


[25] Does this mean it was all a ruse? He faked the spell in order to distract me and just used conjuration magic to create these ropes instead? Damn it, if only I could move my arms a little, I might be able to burn these ropes with a fire spell or something. I'm not at a level where I can cast spells without moving my arms, yet. Isn't there some spell that requires me to only move my fingers which could be helpful in this situation? Think, Barry! There has to be something!

"Time's up," Peter says, and then he uses my initial lightning spell against me, making me lose my consciousness in a matter of seconds.


[26] "Yeah, I did see a few of those," I say. "Brinhorn always used to insist on me coming to watch his official matches while I was still apprenticing under him."

"Apprenticing under Brinh--" Peter begins to say, but then he interrupts himself, as he closes his eyes and starts to massage his forehead with his fingers. "Never mind. I don't care if you actually were that man's apprentice or not. The point I was trying to make is that whenever two generalists fight, they have a certain way of doing battle that is not comparable to any other kinds of mage fights. Do you know what I'm talking about?"

"I mean, yeah, it would have been pretty hard to not see the difference," I say.

"Good," Peter says. "I only had the opportunity to see one of their duels, due to how insanely hard it is to obtain permission to leave Varathia as an Ollendor citizen, but that one duel will remain imprinted in my mind forever."

While Peter is talking, I can slowly feel the whole world beginning to spin around me, as if I'd just gulped down an entire bottle of dwarven ale.

"As a former apprentice of Brinhorn, I'm sure that you will immediately recognize the famous battle that I am about to recreate before your eyes. Let us see if you can live up to your old mentor's teachings."


[27] "Astounding..." Peter says, with what appears to be genuine amazement in his voice, as he is slowly clapping, while I am still trying to stop my body from shaking violently. "I was half-joking when I told you to live up to your old mentor's teachings, but I never expected you to go this far. You actually reproduced every single one of Brinhorn's spells from the beginning of that battle, including the rare variant of his dispelling technique that he used to get rid of Azarius' protection against his own sonic attacks."

"Yes, w-w-well, I was the o-o-one who taught him that dispelling technique a-a-after all!" I say, trying my best to sound tough, even though I'm still trembling like crazy from the cold.

"I must admit that I didn't think you would go through with it, even if you knew the spells that you needed to cast," Peter says. "Seeing you inflict so much damage upon yourself without hesitation in the same way that Brinhorn did in that match makes me wonder if some of his craziness rubbed off on you or if it was in fact the other way around..."


[28] "I'm really glad to see how well you two are getting along," the king of the underground says loudly, from a distance, as he is still busy building barriers around himself to defend from Flower, who is attacking him from all possible angles, trying to find a weak spot in his defenses, "but maybe you could hurry it up just a little, Peter?... I can barely hold off this ethereal girl on my own with how weak my aura is in this realm. Surely, you don't want to end up fighting Barry, Flower AND the Overseer all at the same time, do you?"

"No, my king..." Peter says. "I will try my best to hasten things on my end."

"And how exactly are you planning to do that?" I ask Peter. "Just to be clear, your trick with the invisible ear plugs won't work a second time. If you want to cast that sonic spell again, you'd better be prepared to dunk yourself in cold water afterwards."

"Have you already forgotten that we're supposed to be reenacting one of the battles between Brinhorn and Azarius?" Peter says. "We've barely even recreated the first few seconds of that fight so far. There is so much more that we need to do."


[29] "I'm really glad to see how well you two are getting along," the king of the underground says loudly, from a distance, as he is still busy building barriers around himself to defend from Flower, who is attacking him from all possible angles, trying to find a weak spot in his defenses, "but maybe you could hurry it up just a little, Peter?... I can barely hold off this ethereal girl on my own with how weak my aura is in this realm. Surely, you don't want to have to fight both her and Barry at the same time, do you?"

"No, my king..." Peter says. "I will try my best to hasten things on my end."

"And how exactly are you planning to do that?" I ask Peter. "Just to be clear, your trick with the invisible ear plugs won't work a second time. If you want to cast that sonic spell again, you'd better be prepared to dunk yourself in cold water afterwards."

"Have you already forgotten that we're supposed to be reenacting one of the battles between Brinhorn and Azarius?" Peter says. "We've barely even recreated the first few seconds of that fight so far. There is so much more that we need to do."


[30] If I attempt the same tactics as Brinhorn now, Peter will surely be prepared for it, and I will have fallen into one of his traps yet again. I will need to catch him by surprise if I want to gain the upper hand in this battle.

Instead of waiting for my adversary to make the first move, I fly through the swarm of fake manticores, and I head straight for Peter, whom I've been monitoring closely ever since he shapeshifted. On my way to him, one of the real manticores tries to intercept me, but I quickly dodge to the side and then I continue onwards, getting increasingly closer to my target by the second.

If I can get close enough to cast a paralysis spell on him before he shifts back to his human form, I win. He should be vulnerable in that state, because shapeshifting does not happen instantly. Or will he attack me as a manticore, instead? Either way, I'm ready for him. Come on, Peter, what will you choose to do?

Just as I get within casting range of my spell, the image of the manticore in front of me disappears, and it is replaced with Peter, who was already aiming a paralysis spell of his own at me, which manages to hit me before I have the time to react. Apparently, Peter had never shapeshifted in the first place, and was only using illusion magic to trick me into thinking that he did. As I'm trying in vain to dispel the paralysis spell without moving, Peter casts another spell on me that puts me to sleep.


[31] The spells that Brinhorn used to get out of this predicament are complicated, and I've never had the opportunity to practice them before, but they're the best option I've got. At least I know the theory behind them, so I'll just have to do my best to figure out the magical flow patterns based on the knowledge I already have. Let's give this a shot.

As the manticores are still circling around me, trying to get me confused, I take advantage of the short respite that my enemy has granted me to quickly test several flow patterns that I've noticed in the past, through my many years of studying magical theory. Once I find the motions that seem to work, I visualize all of the magical particles in my head and I guide them on their path, while I play around with different levels of magical intensity until the flow reacts positively to my aura.

The first spell that I cast is one that temporarily enhances my sight and focus, similarly to the Observation stat from my stat device, which I am not carrying with me in this immaterial realm. As soon as my power of observation increases, I immediately confirm which of the manticores are real, because they are the only ones that are deviating from the general trajectory that the majority of the other manticores are following. My greater focus also makes it easier to keep an eye on Peter, whom I've been monitoring closely ever since he shapeshifted.


[32] Seeing that Peter is still making a beeline for me, I get in my stance and I prepare my attack, aiming for his chest area. Just as I fire my spell, the image of the manticore in front of me disappears, and it is replaced by Peter, who had apparently never shapeshifted in the first place, and only used illusion magic to make me think that he did. The discrepancy between the positioning of his real body and the one of his fake manticore body makes me miss my shot, and before I have the chance to recover, Peter hits me with a paralysis spell of his own, followed by a sleep spell, making me lose consciousness soon afterwards.


[33] The spells that Brinhorn used to get out of this predicament are complicated, and I've never had the opportunity to practice them before, but they're the best option I've got. At least I know the theory behind them, so I'll just have to do my best to figure out the magical flow patterns based on the knowledge I already have. Let's give this a shot.

As the manticores are still circling around me, trying to get me confused, I take advantage of the short respite that my enemy has granted me to quickly test several flow patterns that I've noticed in the past, through my many years of studying magical theory. Once I find the motions that seem to work, I visualize all of the magical particles in my head and I guide them on their path, while I play around with different levels of magical intensity until the flow reacts positively to my aura.

The first spell that I cast is one that temporarily enhances my sight and focus, similarly to the Observation stat from my stat device, which I am not carrying with me in this immaterial realm. As soon as my power of observation increases, I immediately confirm which of the manticores are real, because they are the only ones that are deviating from the general trajectory that the majority of the other manticores are following. My greater focus also makes it easier to keep an eye on Peter, whom I've been monitoring closely ever since he shapeshifted.

Now that I don't need to worry about losing sight of the summoned manticores anymore, I can finally concentrate on winning this battle.


[34] Just as the manticores are about to reach me, I unleash a powerful wave of fire that encompasses the entire area around me. The illusions are unaffected by this, but all of the real manticores get easily turned into charred corpses and then they keep floating in place, because there is no force in this realm to make them fall down.

Hah. I knew it! I knew that asking Flower to teach me a spell that affects a large area would be a good idea!

When I look towards Peter to see what happened to him I notice that he is unharmed, because he had conjured a large wall of reinforced stone in front of him in the nick of time. I do not give him the opportunity to summon new manticores and I rain down a swarm of fire arrows on him, forcing him to fly away from his position. Instead of going on the defensive, Peter fights back immediately by creating a huge cloud of poison mist that quickly engulfs us both, before I get to move away from it.


[35] Just as the manticores are about to reach me, I conjure two long water whips from my hands and I spin them around very fast, slicing everything around me, including the enemies from above and below. The illusions are unaffected by this, but all of the real manticores get easily turned into minced meat and then they keep floating in place, because there is no force in this realm to make them fall down.

Hah. I knew it! I knew that asking Illuna to teach me a spell that affects a large area would be a good idea!

When I look towards Peter to see what happened to him I notice that he is unharmed, because he had conjured a large wall of reinforced stone in front of him in the nick of time. I do not give him the opportunity to summon new manticores and I rain down a swarm of water lances on him, forcing him to fly away from his position. Instead of going on the defensive, Peter fights back immediately by creating a huge cloud of poison mist that quickly engulfs us both, before I get to move away from it.


[36] Just as the manticores are about to reach me, I send out a flurry of wind blades in all directions. The illusions are unaffected by this, but all of the real manticores get easily turned into minced meat and then they keep floating in place, because there is no force in this realm to make them fall down.

Hah. I knew it! I knew that asking Melindra to teach me a spell that affects a large area would be a good idea!

When I look towards Peter to see what happened to him I notice that he is unharmed, because he had conjured a large wall of reinforced stone in front of him in the nick of time. I do not give him the opportunity to summon new manticores and I rain down a swarm of wind blades on him, forcing him to fly away from his position. Instead of going on the defensive, Peter fights back immediately by creating a huge cloud of poison mist that quickly engulfs us both, before I get to move away from it.


[37] Just as the manticores are about to reach me, I unleash a blast of freezing magic that encompasses the entire area around me. The illusions are unaffected by this, but all of the real manticores get easily turned into statues of ice and then they keep floating in place, because there is no force in this realm to make them fall down.

Hah. I knew it! I knew that asking Kate to teach me a spell that affects a large area would be a good idea!

When I look towards Peter to see what happened to him I notice that he is unharmed, because he had conjured a large wall of reinforced stone in front of him in the nick of time. I do not give him the opportunity to summon new manticores and I rain down a swarm of icicles on him, forcing him to fly away from his position. Instead of going on the defensive, Peter fights back immediately by creating a huge cloud of poison mist that quickly engulfs us both, before I get to move away from it.


[38] "I only tried this spell on a whim, but I never imagined that it would actually work," I hear Peter's voice, who has apparently turned himself invisible while I wasn't watching. "What kind of an idiot goes into a mage battle without having cast any sort of protection against poison attacks? Maybe I've overestimated you after all..."

"What's with the invisibility spell?" I tell Peter, as I cough up some more blood. "Do you think you're Albert or something? You do realize that you're nowhere near as good as him at hiding your aura, don't you? I can easily tell where you are and I don't even have my stat device here to boost my magical sense."


[39] Just as I'm about to finish casting the spells, I get a strong nausea and I lose my focus completely, which essentially causes my technique to be cancelled.

"I'm not sure what you were trying to do, but I'm going to assume that this was supposed to be your secret technique," Peter says. "I was a fool for being so cautious around you until now. Have a good night."

"What do you mean--" I start to say, but then Peter casts one final spell on me and he immediately puts me to sleep.


[40] "By the gods, you were telling the truth!" I say, as I am now feigning some fear in my voice. "The poison really is getting worse! What have you done to me, you bastard?!"

"...I warned you that this would happen," Peter says, in a slightly hesitant voice. "Did you think I was bluffing? Now hurry up and use your spells, before--"

"What did you do to your aura?!" I shout all of a sudden. "Reveal yourself, you coward! I thought you wanted to have a fair fight!"

"What are you talking about, you lunatic?" Peter says. "The poison couldn't have possibly affected you this badly in such a short amount of time. In fact, by now, you should already be--"

He pauses for a few seconds, as he slowly realizes what I've been doing.

"You figured it out, didn't you?" he asks me. "You were just buying time so that the effects of the poison would wear off..."

"Indeed," I say, as my headache and nausea have almost completely disappeared. "And now that I'm feeling well again, we can continue to duel fair and square, like the two fellow generalists that we are! Don't you agree?"


[41] "This is not the place to resolve your conflict," the voice in my head says. "Return to your sanctuaries now, and disturb these resting grounds no longer."

"Peter, did you hear that too?" the king of the underground says, as we're all temporarily frozen in place, unsure of what to do. "Who contacted us just now? Was it the ether?"

"I'm... not sure..." Peter says, as he is looking towards the king, with a somewhat fearful look in his eyes.


[42] As much as I struggle to keep my consciousness, the shock from the electricity is just too much to bear, and I eventually succumb to it.

"Of all the low-down... dirty tricks..." I manage to say, before I end up fainting in both the ethereal and the earthen plane.


[43] If I didn't have my aura hardening stat maxed, I would have probably fainted by now. That being said, he's probably not going to cancel his spell until he sees me lose my consciousness, so I think I might need to do a little bit of acting, here.

"Of all the low-down... dirty tricks..." I say, and then I pretend to faint on both planes of existence at the same time.

"...Is he dead?" I hear the king of the underground asking on the ethereal plane, while I still have my eyes closed.


[44] "You are making a mistake..." the king of the underground tells us.

"We'll see about that," I say. "Flower, let's go!"

"Umm, okay... sure!" Flower says, and then she shoots a fire beam at the king, as I'm using another electric attack, to put more pressure on him.

While we are attacking the king of the underground, I feel my consciousness being sent back to the earthen plane a few more times, but this time things are happening a little differently. Instead of switching perspectives between the two planes of existence, I am beginning to become aware of my surroundings in both planes simultaneously. The only other occasion when I experienced something similar to this was when the Magium tried to erase me and Leila from existence in the seredium tower.

For now, my main consciousness still seems to be in the ethereal plane, but at the same time I am also in control of my real body from the earthen plane, except that it doesn't really feel like my body at the moment. It feels more like some kind of... puppet... that I'm controlling with invisible strings.


[45] Since the blow was too powerful for me to withstand, I quickly lost my consciousness, which made me faint in the ethereal world as well.


[46] "We're still not done fighting in the ethereal plane," I tell her. "It's just that we're conscious in both planes of existence for the time being. Can you keep holding him like that while we continue our fight in the other realm?"

"...No," Illuna says, as she watches the king easily destroying her whips with an explosion of his aura. "But I can keep him somewhat distracted, if that's what you need."

She then jumps further back from the king and she throws two large snakes made of water on the ground, which quickly slither their way towards him and attempt to coil themselves around him. When the king of the underground destroys these snakes too, they shatter into a million water droplets which then regroup back into their original serpent forms and once again start to attack him.

As expected, the king is having a hard time defending himself on both planes of existence at the same time, and eventually his barriers from the ethereal plane give out under the pressure of our relentless attacks. One last lightning bolt from me is all it takes to make the king faint, which causes him to lose his consciousness on the earthen plane as well.


[47] "You killed them..." Flower says, looking as if she were still trying to accept the reality in front of her. "Why?..."

"They were too dangerous to be left alive," I say. "I had no choice."

"No choice?..." Flower says, incredulous. "They were both unconscious! We could have easily captured them!"

"Captured them how?" I ask. "Both of them could use powerful techniques without moving, so it's not like we could have just tied them up."

"I don't know!" Flower says. "We could have asked the Overseer to put them in an anti-magic prison cell or something! Wasn't that one of the main reasons why we allied ourselves with him?"

"It would have been too risky," I say. "We barely managed to beat them this one time. If they escaped from their cells, there was no guarantee that we could have beaten them again. Killing them was the only way to make sure that we wouldn't need to fight them anymore."


[48] "Yeah, there's not really much more we can do on this plane of existence," Flower says, "I should probably get you back to your 'sanctuary' before the ether loses its patience. I'm assuming that you must have recovered your memory by now, right? Do you know which way we need to go?"

"Uhh... yeah!" I say. "I think I do, actually. But I'm not completely sure if it's the right place. My memories from the inside of my own mind in the ethereal plane are still a little vague, but from what I can tell, it looked very different from the place in which you live with Illuna. I mean, the inside of your mind looked like an actual house, with paintings on the walls of your room and everything. What I remember of my mind seems kind of like... an empty cube, of sorts? I'm not even sure if it's big enough to stand up in it. I... think that before I was thrown out of my mind by the Overseer I was sitting down, with my legs tucked in and my back leaning against the wall."

"Oh, a cube..." Flower says, in a nostalgic voice. "That brings back memories. I'm pretty sure that I used to live in a cube too, before I changed its structure from the inside. That was back when I was still only three years old or so, I think. As you can imagine, my memories from back then are a little fuzzy, so I won't say that I'm fully certain of this, but I think the place you remember should be your own mind, based on your description. Can you tell me the direction in which we need to go? Is it far from here?"

"I don't think it's that far," I say. "I have this... feeling that is very hard to describe, but it's like that place is trying to pull me back towards it. Do you understand what I'm trying to say?"


[49] "Uhh... yeah!" I say. "I think I do, actually. But I'm not completely sure if it's the right place. My memories from the inside of my own mind in the ethereal plane are still a little vague, but from what I can tell, it looked very different from the place in which you live with Illuna. I mean, the inside of your mind looked like an actual house, with paintings on the walls of your room and everything. What I remember of my mind seems kind of like... an empty cube, of sorts? I'm not even sure if it's big enough to stand up in it. I... think that before I was thrown out of my mind by the Overseer I was sitting down, with my legs tucked in and my back leaning against the wall."

"Oh, a cube..." Flower says, in a nostalgic voice. "That brings back memories. I'm pretty sure that I used to live in a cube too, before I changed its structure from the inside. That was back when I was still only three years old or so, I think. As you can imagine, my memories from back then are a little fuzzy, so I won't say that I'm fully certain of this, but I think the place you remember should be your own mind, based on your description. Can you tell me the direction in which we need to go? Is it far from here?"

"I don't think it's that far," I say. "I have this... feeling that is very hard to describe, but it's like that place is trying to pull me back towards it. Do you understand what I'm trying to say?"


[50] 'Leave this place!'

'Get out!'

'You do not belong here.'

I try to cover my ears, but it doesn't have any effect. The voices are all coming from inside my head, and they're only getting louder. After fifteen more seconds of this, the images stop flashing and my consciousness begins to drift in and out between the ethereal and earthen plane again. As I am still struggling to regain my composure, the voices all stop at the same time. All except for one: the voice that I'd heard while we were still fighting Peter and the king of the underground.

'You had been warned,' the voice tells me simply, and then my consciousness flips back and forth between both planes of existence for a thousand times in a single second, while it feels like my soul is being ripped by force from my body. 

It's getting cold. So very cold. My thoughts are all a jumble. An extreme fatigue is now taking over me as it feels like the very essence of my being is slowly fading away, along with my imagined body from the ethereal plane, which is becoming more transparent with each passing moment.

"--arry!" I hear Flower's voice as if it were some distant memory. "Barry, look into my eyes! Look at me! Barry!!!"


[51] "Do you have a clear image of it?" Flower says, in a panicky voice. "Are you certain?"

"Yes, yes," I tell her with my eyes still closed. "I'm looking at it as I'm speaking to you. What do I do now?"

I can no longer see my body from the ethereal plane because my eyes are closed, but I can tell that it's only gotten more transparent since I've started talking to Flower. I wonder how many more seconds I have left to live?...

"--arry!" Flower says, as I'm beginning to drift in and out of consciousness, catching only bits and pieces of what she is saying to me. "Listen-- me carefully-- no time-- no matter what-- open your eyes! Do-- hear me?! Barry-- losing you! Barry!!!"


[52] As I'm still waiting for something to happen, I suddenly feel myself being drenched from head to toe in freezing cold water, and when I instinctively jump up, I quickly realize that there is now ground beneath my feet, and it no longer feels like I'm floating in an endless darkness like before. The rain is pouring down my cheeks, a sound of lightning echoes in the distance, and the wind is still blowing, although not as hard as it did at the beginning of the storm.

Is this it?... Am I finally back on the earthen plane for good?

"Are you planning to open your eyes anytime soon, or are you expecting me to talk to you like this?..." I hear Flower's voice, speaking in Illuna's tone.

When I finally open my eyelids, I see that Flower is standing before me with flaming eyes in this plane of existence as well, except that the flames are blue, because Illuna is the one who is talking. Her body is not made up of flames like in the ethereal plane, however.

Every connection that I had with the ethereal plane is now gone. Even though I'm trying to switch my consciousness to the other realm, it's not working anymore. Could this be the result of my soul finally returning to my sanctuary on the ethereal plane?


[53] "Flower is... fine," Illuna says. "For now, at least. I'm not entirely certain, but it's possible that her recent transformation is shielding her from the ether in some way. It is a little hard to speculate without knowing any more details about this new form of hers. Anyway, I'll be right back."

As Illuna turns her focus back to the ethereal plane, leaving Flower's body to look in front of her with an empty stare, I decide to take a little walk around the battlefield, to see what the situation is.

It feels strange to not be able to see the perspective of my soul from the ethereal plane anymore, after everything that's happened. Even though I know for a fact that all the things I've experienced on that plane of existence were real, I still can't shake off the feeling that I've only just woken up from a very long dream. 

I wish I could have explored that world more. I wish I could have tested my spells more. I wonder if I'll ever have the chance to see that place again...


[54] "Yes," Daren says. "That is what worries me..."

"Alright, I cast the spell," Melindra tells Flower.

"Thanks, Melindra!" Flower says, as she is now being lifted in the air by some of Melindra's air currents. "Sorry for asking this of you out of the blue, but Petal wants to avoid moving my body herself as much as possible until I find a way to, um... turn off the red flames in my eyes."

"It's fine, don't worry," Melindra says. "You just want me to carry you like this until we reach the palace, right?"

"Yes, please," Flower says. "Right now, I'm a little busy guiding the rebels from the ether back to their own sanctuaries, so I can't afford to cancel the transformation yet."

"...You're helping the rebels?" Hadrik asks, confused.

"Well, I can't just let them all die out there!" Flower says.


[55] A fluke. It has to have been a fluke. Hadrik didn't experience anything unusual, so we're not being targeted by the Overseer again. Even if what I saw was real, I was clearly sitting inside my sanctuary, so there shouldn't be anything to worry about. I'm not going to get kicked out into the ether again.

After the brief pause, I decide that there's no point in dwelling on this any further, and I quicken my pace so that I can rejoin the rest of the group. For the next hour or so, as we journey towards the palace, the sensation of switching my focus towards the ethereal plane does not return to me, so I don't bring it up to any of my friends. Everything is fine. There is nothing to worry about. If it didn't happen again after so much time, then I'm sure it was nothing serious and the event will never repeat itself.

Everything is fine.

