
[1] 

[2] To my surprise, instead of trying to evade it, Peter makes the exact same movements as me, only in reverse, and my lightning disappears as soon as it reaches him.

Was that... the Brinhorn dispelling technique? Is this guy seriously using my own technique against me? Oh, he's going to regret this.

"What are you blabbering about?" Peter asks me, having apparently heard my thoughts. "What do you mean 'your own technique'? If you were trying to distract me, you should have gone with a lie that was a bit more credible."

Ah, crap. I forgot to think without words again. I'd better make sure to think faster from now on, or I'll give away all of my plans to him.

Okay, so the way I see it, this technique has one major weakness, which is the fact that you need to figure out what your enemy is casting very quickly, so that you can do all of the movements in reverse and somehow still finish them fast enough to counter your opponent's spell. Due to this fact, multi-step dispelling is particularly vulnerable to feints.

Oh, boy... I really hope I didn't think all that out loud, or I'll be making a complete fool of myself.


[3] After being unconscious for some time, I begin to vaguely hear the voices of the king of the underground and Peter, who both sound rather tense. When I try to wake up, I realize that I can't move my body at all and even my eyes won't open. It feels like I'm only half-awake right now, with my mind still trying to decide if what I'm hearing is really happening, or if it's all just a dream.

"We can't just leave them here, damn it!" the king of the underground says. "They're going to get killed at this rate."

"With all due respect, sir... why do you care so much about what happens to them?" Peter says. "They were more than willing to kill us earlier, when they fought against us. What obligation do we have to save their lives?"

"They may have been our enemies in this fight, but that does not negate all the help that their group has given us in our time of need," the king of the underground says. "At least wake them up before we leave. Give them a chance to defend themselves from... whatever this is!"

"As you wish, my lord," Peter says. "But I will only wake the little girl up. The other one may know of a way to cancel my teleportation, and I do not want to risk it."

Shortly after their talk, I hear the sound of their bodies vibrating loudly as they are teleporting away, and then there is only silence for a while. The silence doesn't last for long, however, because it soon gets replaced with the sound of Flower shouting in my ear, while she is shaking me violently. 


[4] After being unconscious for some time, I begin to vaguely hear the voices of the king of the underground and Peter, who both sound rather tense. When I try to wake up, I realize that I can't move my body at all and even my eyes won't open. It feels like I'm only half-awake right now, with my mind still trying to decide if what I'm hearing is really happening, or if it's all just a dream.

"We can't just leave them here, damn it!" the king of the underground says. "They're going to get killed at this rate."

"With all due respect, sir... why do you care so much about what happens to them?" Peter says. "They betrayed us and our cause. They allied themselves with the Overseer. What obligation do we have to save their lives?"

"They may have been our enemies in this fight, but that does not negate all the help that their group has given us in our time of need," the king of the underground says. "At least wake them up before we leave. Give them a chance to defend themselves from... whatever this is!"

"As you wish, my lord," Peter says. "But I will only wake the little girl up. The other one may know of a way to cancel my teleportation, and I do not want to risk it."

Shortly after their talk, I hear the sound of their bodies vibrating loudly as they are teleporting away, and then there is only silence for a while. The silence doesn't last for long, however, because it soon gets replaced with the sound of Flower shouting in my ear, while she is shaking me violently. 


[5] Just as I thought I was getting the upper hand, the unthinkable happens, and the fireballs from Peter's previous spell quickly start forming around me again, despite my successful dispelling. Knowing that I have only a few seconds to get away from them, I activate the air currents that were lying dormant around me until now and I fly away, trying to put as much distance between me and the fireballs as I can.

"You won't be able to outrun them," Peter tells me, as I am now dodging fireballs left and right. "Since you knew how to cast the spell in reverse, I assume that you must also be aware of what it does. Those fireballs will follow you to the end of the ethereal plane if they need to. There is no way to stop them."

He's right. The only way to counter this spell is to either dispel it in time or to conjure a shield around myself that is powerful enough to withstand the impact of fifty explosions. There's no way I can build a protective layer of earth or ice that is durable enough with the limited spells I have at my disposal. That is the reason why I instinctively tried to dispel it. How did the dispelling not work? I did everything correctly, and I even saw the spell being cancelled. So, then why?... Why are these fireballs still following me?!


[6] "Ethereal matter manipulation?..." I say. "You mean like when you can create stuff out of nothing by simply focusing your mind?"

"Affirmative," the Overseer says. "According to my analysis, the rebel leader named Peter was trying to trick you by converting ethereal matter into fireballs and making it look like his previous spell had not been cancelled. In reality, the fireballs were all being controlled by him manually, and none of them were following you automatically."

"So that's why he wasn't casting any other spells while I was being chased by the fireballs..." I say. "It's because he was already using all of his focus to control each individual fireball with his mind!"

"You..." Peter says, while pointing towards the Overseer. "You're only a machine! How dare you?!"

"For any complaints, please refer to section 5C-E789 of the Overseer operating manual," the Overseer tells Peter.

"Are you mocking me?" Peter says. "You may have somehow prevented me from manipulating ethereal matter, but I can still cast all of my spells! You will be sorry for this!"

"The Overseer protocol does not possess the ability to be sorry or to regret any of its past actions," says the Overseer. "The only thing I am capable of doing is to analyze my mistakes and learn from them."

"I've heard enough!" Peter tells the Overseer. "You can learn and analyze all you want after you dissolve into the ether. Prepare to die!"


[7] "Yeah, I did see a few of those," I say. "Brinhorn always used to insist on me coming to watch his official matches while I was still apprenticing under him."

"Apprenticing under Brinh--" Peter begins to say, but then he interrupts himself, as he closes his eyes and starts to massage his forehead with his fingers. "Never mind. I don't care if you actually were that man's apprentice or not. The point I was trying to make is that whenever two generalists fight, they have a certain way of doing battle that is not comparable to any other kinds of mage fights. Do you know what I'm talking about?"

"I mean, yeah, it would have been pretty hard to not see the difference," I say.

"Good," Peter says. "I only had the opportunity to see one of their duels, due to how insanely hard it is to obtain permission to leave Varathia as an Ollendor citizen, but that one duel will remain imprinted in my mind forever."

While Peter is talking, I can slowly feel the whole world beginning to spin around me, as if I'd just gulped down an entire bottle of dwarven ale.

"As a former apprentice of Brinhorn, I'm sure that you will immediately recognize the famous battle that I am about to recreate before your eyes. Let us see if you can live up to your old mentor's teachings."


[8] "You've seen how far I'm willing to go to reproduce Brinhorn's exact spells from that fight and you still want to continue?" I say. "I'm having a hard time figuring out if you're being stupidly brave, or just plain stupid."

"And I'm having a hard time seeing how you can be so confident in your victory, when you should already know all too well who won the fight that we're now copying," Peter says. "I'll give you a hint. It's the same person who's won every single time since those two started having their duels."

"Just because we're doing a reenactment doesn't mean that I can't go off-script just a tiny bit," I say. "Don't worry, you'll get to see the source of my confidence soon enough."

"Let's see it, then," Peter says, and then he begins to attack me in the same way that Azarius attacked Brinhorn all those years ago.


[9] The question is... should I continue to copy what Brinhorn did, or should I do something else? So far Peter has been reproducing the battle perfectly, but there's no guarantee that he'll do it until the end. At a certain point, he's bound to deviate from the original fight in some way and maybe it would be better if I made the first move rather than-- okay, never mind, too late for that. Peter is now diving straight for me in his manticore form. Azarius never did anything like this against Brinhorn. 

Is he going to transform back into his human form and cast a spell at me once he gets closer?... No, no, no, the shapeshifting process can't be done instantly, and it would leave him too vulnerable. Then is he planning to attack me while he's in his manticore form instead? Something doesn't add up, here. This has to be one of his traps again! I can feel it... I think he's trying to goad me into attacking him. Let's see if he'll reveal his cards to me if I play along a little.

I get into a stance and I pretend that I'm about to cast a short-range paralysis spell on him as soon as he gets closer. Okay, this should be convincing enough. Come on, Peter, show me what you're--

Before I even get to finish my thought process, the image of the manticore in front of me disappears, and it is replaced by Peter, who had apparently never shapeshifted in the first place, and only used illusion magic to make me think that he did. Just as he casts a paralysis spell of his own, I use my air currents to dash away from him and to narrowly avoid his attack. 


[10] "You might be good at memorizing spells, but you don't seem to be very well versed in poisons," Peter says. "Let me give you a hint. Time is not on your side right now. The more you wait, the more the effects of the poison will sink in, and you will lose all of your senses one by one. Your ability to detect auras will likely be the first one you'll lose, followed by your sense of smell and then your sight. I am only giving you this warning because of what little respect I still have left for you as a fellow generalist. If you still have any secret techniques that you were saving up until the last moment, then I recommend that you use them all now. Do not disappoint me any further."


[11] "No," Peter says, as I open one eye slightly to confirm that he turned his back to me, and then I begin to cast a lightning spell with very subtle movements. "I saw him wake up on the earthen plane, so I figured that if I'd make him lose his consciousness there, the same thing would happen to him in this plane."

"Good thinking," the king says. "That's one less enemy to worry about. Let's see if we can--"

Before the king gets to finish what he had to say, I shoot Peter with the same lightning spell that I used at the beginning of the battle, catching him completely off-guard.

"What?..." Peter says, as he turns towards me while he is slowly losing his consciousness. "How are you... still awake?..."

These are the last words that Peter manages to say before fainting, and then the same thing also happens to his body on the earthen plane.


[12] Come to think of it, I remember Flower saying the same thing about her own body on the earthen plane. That it feels like she's controlling a puppet. Could this be how Flower has been living her life this whole time?

While I am busy contemplating my own existence, I suddenly detect the king of the underground walking up to me on the earthen plane, as I am still lying face-first on the ground in the middle of a puddle.

"It looks like your luck may have finally run out," the king of the underground tells me, and then I begin to feel a powerful pressure forming on top of me.


[13] Taking a look at Peter and the king's unconscious bodies that are floating in the ether, a sudden thought occurs to me. If I were to kill them right now, in this place, there would be no evidence on the earthen plane to point towards me being the murderer. Most of the rebels would probably just assume that they died as a result of the Overseer's soul displacement technique. If I actually wanted them dead, there would be no better opportunity than this to rid myself of them.


[14] "So, what are you going to tell Daren, then?..." Flower says. "I thought we both promised him that we'd try our best to keep all casualties to a minimum."


[15] "The Overseer protocol would like to point out that it does not appreciate the fact that you didn't consider consulting it before making such an important decision," the green-eyed drone says. "The king of the underground and Peter could have both been used as valuable hostages if they were to be kept alive. Please refrain from taking such rash actions in the future if you do not want to put any more unnecessary strain on our already fragile alliance."

"Duly noted," I tell the Overseer.

"So, what are you going to tell Daren, then?..." Flower says. "I thought we both promised him that we'd try our best to keep all casualties to a minimum."


[16] "Yes," Flower says. "The stronger that feeling is, the closer you should be to the cube. How strong would you say the feeling is right now?"

"I'd say it's about as strong as... maybe a dog trying to pull me while I hold its leash?" I say. "But a really small dog, though. Or maybe a medium-sized one, I'm not sure. I'm being pulled that way!"

"Hmm..." Flower says, as she looks in the direction that I'm pointing at. "If you say that it's about as strong as a dog pulling you, then from my own experience, that should be about fifty miles from here, give or take. I'll teleport us closer to your sanctuary, and then you can tell me if we need to teleport again, or if it's close enough to fly over to it."

"Okay, I'm ready," I say. "Let's go!"


[17] "Yes," Flower says. "The stronger that feeling is, the closer you should be to the cube. How strong would you say the feeling is right now?"

"I'd say it's about as strong as... maybe a dog trying to pull me while I hold its leash?" I say. "But a really small dog, though. Or maybe a medium-sized one, I'm not sure. I'm being pulled that way!"

"Hmm..." Flower says, as she looks in the direction that I'm pointing at. "If you say that it's about as strong as a dog pulling you, then from my own experience, that should be about fifty miles from here, give or take. I'll teleport us closer to your sanctuary, and then you can tell me if we need to teleport again, or if it's close enough to fly over to it."

"Okay, I'm ready," I say. "Let's go! Overseer, we'll meet you again on the earthen plane."

"Understood," the Overseer says.


[18] It is hard to tell with my eyes still closed, but I think I'm being enveloped by the white light from Flower's teleporting spell again. Is she trying to send me back to my sanctuary? Is that why she asked me to imagine it inside my head?

As I continue to visualize the empty cube in my mind's eye, the bright light from both the teleportation spell and the ether disappears, and the only thing I can see through my eyelids is complete darkness. Does this mean that the teleportation was successful? I can't tell whether my body is back to normal or not. Aside from the light disappearing, I still feel weak, and it doesn't seem like much has changed.

The silence around me is deafening. The anticipation is killing me. Did I get teleported properly or not? I have to know!


[19] "There was this... darkness," I tell Illuna. "It felt similar to the void that the Magium made me float around in when it almost erased me from the world, except this time I still had my memories and my identity left intact. Wait, no, that's not right... There was also something else different about this... nothingness that I was in. I didn't really get to see it because I had my eyes closed the whole time, but the darkness around me seemed almost... oppressive. Like it was trying to swallow me whole. Do you have any idea what might have happened?"

"Ah, so that's what Flower did," Illuna says. "I had some pretty strong suspicions, but I could barely get any kind of coherent information out of her through our telepathic link when I talked to her earlier. I should probably let her know that she didn't end up killing you by accident before she gives herself a heart attack out of pure anxiety."

"She thought she might have killed me?..." I ask, in an uneasy tone. "Wait, what did she do?"

Instead of answering me, Illuna raises two fingers in the air in front of me, signaling me to be quiet while she talks to Flower telepathically in the ethereal plane. Once she is done, she lowers her hand so that we can resume our conversation.


[20] While I'm busy looking for any kind of bindings to restrain the unconscious rebels with, several dozen red-eyed drones suddenly swarm the area out of nowhere, with long metal prongs coming out of their lower sides which they are using to hold some stretchers. Once they lower their altitudes, the drones keep holding the stretchers from both sides, while other drones help to lift the rebels onto them. As soon as a rebel has been successfully placed on a stretcher, the two drones that are holding the stretcher lift it into the air and leave the plaza, while new drones with additional stretchers join in so that they can take away the rest of the underground king's troops.

"The Overseer protocol will handle things from here," a red-eyed drone says, as it descends somewhere close to me. "Thank you for your cooperation. The Overseer protocol would also like to issue a formal apology to your group for accidentally teleporting your souls outside of your minds from the ethereal plane. Unfortunately, the technique that was used was still experimental, and it ended up affecting the whole area of the battlefield instead of only the rebels. If you are in need of any assistance or you wish to discuss more details about your alliance with the Overseer, including his future plans for Ollendor, a green-eyed drone will be waiting for you inside the palace. Have a nice day!"

"Hey wait, where are you taking the rebels?" I say, but the red-eyed drone does not seem to be smart enough to answer any questions, so it simply flies away and leaves the plaza after having delivered its message.


[21] While I'm busy looking for any kind of bindings to restrain the unconscious rebels with, several dozen red-eyed drones suddenly swarm the area out of nowhere, with long metal prongs coming out of their lower sides which they are using to hold some stretchers. Once they lower their altitudes, the drones keep holding the stretchers from both sides, while other drones help to lift the rebels onto them. As soon as a rebel has been successfully placed on a stretcher, the two drones that are holding the stretcher lift it into the air and leave the plaza, while new drones with additional stretchers join in so that they can take away the rest of the underground king's troops.

"The Overseer protocol will handle things from here," a red-eyed drone says, as it descends somewhere close to me. "Thank you for your cooperation. If you wish to discuss further details about your alliance with the Overseer or about his future plans for Ollendor, a green-eyed drone will be waiting for you inside the palace. Have a nice day!"

"Hey wait, where are you taking the rebels?" I say, but the red-eyed drone does not seem to be smart enough to answer any questions, so it simply flies away and leaves the plaza after having delivered its message.


[22] "Make sure that you leave Albert, Peter and the king of the underground for last," Daren says. "We want to be absolutely certain that the Overseer has had enough time to move them to their appropriate prison cells before they wake up. The last thing we'd want is to have to fight them again on the earthen plane. Especially the king."

"Well, I don't think the king and Peter will need any help to get back to their minds after they wake up in the ethereal plane, but I'll try to save Albert for last, like you said!" Flower tells Daren.

"Good," Daren says. "So, is everyone ready?"

"Aye," Hadrik's voice echoes the loudest, as the rest of us also confirm at the same time.

"Let's get going, then," Daren says as he moves on ahead, and the others go to follow him. "Destination: palace of Ollendor."


[23] "Make sure that you leave Albert, Peter and the king of the underground for last," Daren says. "We want to be absolutely certain that the Overseer has had enough time to move them to their appropriate prison cells before they wake up. The last thing we'd want is to have to fight them again on the earthen plane. Especially the king."

"Right... the king!" Flower says, and then she laughs uncomfortably.

"Okay, is everyone ready?" Daren asks us, seemingly oblivious to the meaning behind Flower's nervous laughter.

"Aye," Hadrik's voice echoes the loudest, as the rest of us also confirm at the same time.

"Let's get going, then," Daren says as he moves on ahead, and the others go to follow him. "Destination: palace of Ollendor."

