
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] 

"Okay, so let me see if I got this straight..." Daren says, while our group is standing in the middle of the room from the rebel base where we slept last night. "These blue crystals that keep shining and vibrating every now and then are in fact made up of crystalized Magium essence, correct?"

"Yes, that is what I just said," Arraka answers him.

"And by channeling the Magium's power, these crystals somehow made us all forget that Gontrok used to have five fingers on his left hand?" Daren asks, now turning to me. "Is that what you're saying, Barry?"

"It's, uh... it's a bit more complicated than that. Let me try to give you a bit more context, so you can better understand where I'm coming from," I say, as I begin to give Daren and everyone else more details about how it felt to be nearly erased from existence on the two separate occasions when I was forced to confront the Magium directly.

It has now been almost two hours since Albert teleported us back to the rebel base. To our surprise, the rebels and the king of the underground's men had already cleared most of the rubble by the time we returned from the seredium tower, and their earth elementalists even managed to repair many of the ceilings that were destroyed during the royal guards' attacks, so there wasn't much work left for us to do when we got here.


[3] "Why are you asking me?" Arraka says. "Do I look like some expert on crystals or something?"

"Yes!" Daren says, a little too loudly. "If not you, then who else? You're the one who told us what the crystals are made of, aren't you?"

"The only practical use for these crystals as far as I know is to help sustain very complex modifications to the auras of objects when building magical devices," Arraka says. "Since I am neither a gnome nor a lessathi, I couldn't have any less interest in tinkering with devices and therefore my knowledge of these crystals and what they are capable of is extremely limited. I've already told you most of what I know on this particular subject."

"On the subject of the crystals, you mean," Daren says, frowning slightly. "On the subject of the Magium itself, you still remain as vague as ever."


[4] "What I told Barry," Arraka says, "is that if he REALLY wanted to make a comparison, then what I used was more similar to a ridiculously complicated suggestion spell than to an illusion spell. Obviously it wasn't a spell in the true sense of the word. How could something as simple as magic possibly work against an entity capable of unmaking entire worlds at a moment's notice?..."

"Okay, so if it wasn't magic, what did you use, then?" Daren asks.

"...How do you expect me to explain this to you when you don't even know the basics of--"

She pauses.

"Actually, you know what? Screw it!" Arraka says, after a short while. "If my plan is to use you clowns to enact my vengeance upon the God of Time and all the other gods who exiled me from the magical plane, then I can't afford to do things the traditional way anymore. I'm going to need to learn to think outside the box. If I can't find a way to explain these extraordinarily complex concepts in a way that even a group of inebriated primates would understand, then I have failed as a teacher."

"Yes, yes, we get it," Hadrik says. "We're all as dumb as a bunch of drunken apes. Now can you hurry up and get to the point before--"


[5] "What if the Magium is the primordial plane itself?"

"A plane of existence with a will of its own?" Daren says. "I... suppose that wouldn't be outside the realm of possibility, considering all the crazy things we've seen lately, but wouldn't this imply that the earthen plane itself is also a part of the Magium, then? Why would the Magium need these crystals to connect to our plane of existence if that were the case?"

"My guess is that the crystals have been around from before the split happened, which is why they resonate more strongly with the Magium than the earthen plane," I say. "I'm obviously making a lot of assumptions here, so maybe there's a better explanation for all of this that I'm simply not seeing right now. Anybody else have any ideas?"


[6] "Maybe the Magium is like an ancient guardian, tasked with protecting the fabric of existence."

"You mean... like a more advanced version of the Overseer?" Daren asks me.

"Yes, exactly!" I say. "It could be a sort of really advanced artificial intelligence that was built by one of the races that used to live in the primordial plane!"

"I'm not so sure about that," Daren says. "I remember Arraka telling us once that a 'part' of the Magium was responsible for creating new spirits in the magical plane every now and then. Why would the races from the primordial plane give the Magium such a task when the magical plane didn't even exist at that time?"

"Well, umm... I guess the Magium could have evolved since then?..." I say. "Maybe it originally had a different task but it was forced to adapt when the primordial plane was split into three. I'm obviously making a lot of assumptions here, so maybe someone other than me can come up with a better explanation. Anybody else have any ideas?"


[7] "What if the Magium is everything and nothing at the same time?"

"...Barry, I get what you're trying to say, but giving us vague answers like this isn't really going to help moving the conversation forward," Daren says. "And besides, if the Magium really were 'everything', as you say, then it wouldn't need to ask us where the Arraka from the other universe is. Despite its enormous power and knowledge, the Magium clearly has its limitations, because otherwise it wouldn't need to go out of its way to send messengers and time weavers to do its bidding."

"I suppose you do have a point," I say, "but we also need to keep in mind that according to Arraka, the Magium that we spoke to earlier was supposedly only a 'fraction' of its will. Anyway, I was only making a suggestion, so if there's anyone else who has any better ideas, please feel free to speak up!"


[8] "Maybe the Magium is the reason why the planes were separated in the first place."

"Why do you say that?" Daren asks me.

"Well, the Magium seems to be pretty intertwined with the three planes of existence, in their current form," I say. "Arraka told us that the Magium is responsible for creating new spirits in the magical plane, and from what I understand, the Magium is also the one sending time weavers in the earthen plane to give out prophecies whenever there is some sort of calamity approaching. Considering the degree of involvement that the Magium seems to have in making these planes function correctly, I was beginning to think that maybe it was in fact the Magium itself that wanted the primordial plane split into three, for whatever reason."

"I don't know, Barry..." Daren says. "This feels like a bit of a stretch to me. Using the same logic, you could just assume that the split was an accident, and the Magium is just trying its best to keep the remainders of the primordial plane from falling apart. Since we know so little about this world's history, I don't think there's much use in trying to piece together what happened tens of thousands of years ago just based on a few words that we heard from Arraka."

"Fair enough," I say. "I was only making a suggestion, after all. Maybe someone other than me can come up with some better explanations. Does anybody else have any ideas?"


[9] "Argh!" Hadrik says suddenly, as he begins to mess up his hair with both hands. "This is beginning to make my head hurt! How are you guys even keeping up with this conversation anymore? Can we change the topic to something a little easier to understand? I mean, it's not like we NEED to know exactly what the Magium is. At this point, I'd just be happy to know how to avoid it and how to defend myself from it if it ever tries to kill us again. How did the other Arraka manage to hide from it all this time, anyway? Why would a being as powerful and as knowledgeable as the Magium even need our help to find her in the first place?"

"She probably hid the true coordinates of her universe so that the Magium couldn't find her world no matter how hard it tried," Arraka says. "I know that's what I'd have done if I were in her place."

"But you gave the Magium her world's real coordinates, right?" Daren says. "Does this mean that we shouldn't need to worry about her anymore during the next God of Time's ritual?"


[10] "...For someone who earlier said that they didn't want to risk getting erased from existence, you sure are giving us a lot of information about the Magium, all of a sudden," Hadrik says. "Is there any particular reason for this unexpected change of heart?"

"My theory is that the Magium only cares if you reveal its true nature to people who don't already know about it, and any information other than that can be given out freely, without consequences," Arraka says. "There are three words, in particular, that I'm trying to avoid, because these are the words that led to Illuna and Flower's inability to speak about the Magium and they are also the same three words that I was about to say right before we were almost erased from existence during Selkram's ritual. As long as I don't say these words that I feel best summarize what exactly the Magium is, I think I can afford the small risk of talking about the Magium's fragments and their weaknesses, while we are situated outside its realm."

"Interesting," Daren says. "So it should be fine to ask you more details about primordial magic then, right? Because I was wondering, for example, if you knew how many other people are currently able to cast these types of 'spells' aside from you and the God of Fate?"


[11] "Obviously, this would be the only logical choice. I was expecting you to say that."

"I can tell when you're lying, you moron," Arraka says. "You weren't expecting anything, and you know it."

"I don't get it," Hadrik says. "Why would you choose Barry? Do you not need to be a mage to cast primordial magic?"

"Obviously you do, but that's what his magic stats are for, aren't they?" Arraka says. "Did you already forget how I said that unlocking his magical stats should be our highest priority?"

"Yeah, okay, but we have no way of knowing how long that will take," Hadrik says. "Wouldn't it be faster to just teach the primordial magic to someone who is already a mage?"

"No, that's not how it works," Arraka says. "A prerequisite for learning primordial magic is to already have a firm grasp on the theoretical notions regarding all types of regular magic, and this kind of knowledge is something that most of you sorely lack. Barry is the closest thing we have to a generalist in this group, so even with his huge handicap of not being able to cast magic, he'd still be the best candidate by a wide margin. As an added bonus, he is also a half-lessathi, so he would likely find it easier than the rest of you to link himself to a Magium fragment and cast the primordial spell on it once he finally gets his magic powers."


[12] "Obviously, this would be the only logical choice. I was expecting you to say that."

"I can tell when you're lying, you moron," Arraka says. "Even with the help of your bluff stat, you are still as transparent as ever."

"I don't get it," Hadrik says. "Why would you choose Barry? Do you not need to be a mage to cast primordial magic?"

"Obviously you do, but that's what his magic stats are for, aren't they?" Arraka says. "Did you already forget how I said that unlocking his magical stats should be our highest priority?"

"Yeah, okay, but we have no way of knowing how long that will take," Hadrik says. "Wouldn't it be faster to just teach the primordial magic to someone who is already a mage?"

"No, that's not how it works," Arraka says. "A prerequisite for learning primordial magic is to already have a firm grasp on the theoretical notions regarding all types of regular magic, and this kind of knowledge is something that most of you sorely lack. Barry is the closest thing we have to a generalist in this group, so even with his huge handicap of not being able to cast magic, he'd still be the best candidate by a wide margin. As an added bonus, he is also a half-lessathi, so he would likely find it easier than the rest of you to link himself to a Magium fragment and cast the primordial spell on it once he finally gets his magic powers."


[13] "It felt like you were about to puke when you said those last words. Are you alright?"

"No, I am not alright!" Arraka says. "How could anyone be alright after having said something like that? I'll tell you how I feel. I feel sickened!"

"I don't get it," Hadrik says. "Why would you choose Barry? Do you not need to be a mage to cast primordial magic?"

"Obviously you do, but that's what his magic stats are for, aren't they?" Arraka says. "Did you already forget how I said that unlocking his magical stats should be our highest priority?"

"Yeah, okay, but we have no way of knowing how long that will take," Hadrik says. "Wouldn't it be faster to just teach the primordial magic to someone who is already a mage?"

"No, that's not how it works," Arraka says. "A prerequisite for learning primordial magic is to already have a firm grasp on the theoretical notions regarding all types of regular magic, and this kind of knowledge is something that most of you sorely lack. Barry is the closest thing we have to a generalist in this group, so even with his huge handicap of not being able to cast magic, he'd still be the best candidate by a wide margin. As an added bonus, he is also a half-lessathi, so he would likely find it easier than the rest of you to link himself to a Magium fragment and cast the primordial spell on it once he finally gets his magic powers."


[14] "Hey, thanks for the endorsement! I never knew you had such a high opinion of me!"

"I don't have a high opinion of you, you twit!" Arraka says. "I only said that out of all the terrible options I was given, I would probably be forced to choose you. In a normal situation, you wouldn't even make the bottom of the list!"

"I don't get it," Hadrik says. "Why would you choose Barry? Do you not need to be a mage to cast primordial magic?"

"Obviously you do, but that's what his magic stats are for, aren't they?" Arraka says. "Did you already forget how I said that unlocking his magical stats should be our highest priority?"

"Yeah, okay, but we have no way of knowing how long that will take," Hadrik says. "Wouldn't it be faster to just teach the primordial magic to someone who is already a mage?"

"No, that's not how it works," Arraka says. "A prerequisite for learning primordial magic is to already have a firm grasp on the theoretical notions regarding all types of regular magic, and this kind of knowledge is something that most of you sorely lack. Barry is the closest thing we have to a generalist in this group, so even with his huge handicap of not being able to cast magic, he'd still be the best candidate by a wide margin. As an added bonus, he is also a half-lessathi, so he would likely find it easier than the rest of you to link himself to a Magium fragment and cast the primordial spell on it once he finally gets his magic powers."


[15] 

"What if it were someone else watching us instead of the Magium?" Illuna says. "Like for example, the Overseer?"

"There is nobody spying on us invisibly, if that is what you're asking," Arraka says. "If they were here, I would have sensed them by now."

"Speaking of the Overseer," Daren says, "I just remembered something that I overheard Peter say while I was tending to some of the injured people in one of the tunnels. Apparently, the king of the underground wasn't very happy when he heard that the Overseer seized control of the city, and so he is already assembling a small task force to 'assassinate' him."

"Assassinate the Overseer?" Hadrik asks, confused. "Wouldn't you need to destroy all his flying metal balls in order to do that?"

"It seems that the Overseer has some sort of 'core' hidden somewhere within Varathia, and the king of the underground knows where it is," Daren says. "This core is what controls all of the drones, so destroying it would essentially cripple the Overseer, or maybe even kill him for good. From what I understand, they're planning to launch this attack as soon as tomorrow, so that they don't give the Overseer too much time to solidify his new position as ruler of Ollendor. If we're planning to choose a side in this conflict, now would probably be the best time to do it."


[16] 

As Daren is finishing his sentence, I get a very short premonition in which I see one of the blue crystals around us light up, and then I hear the Overseer's metallic voice come out of it.

Does this mean that the Overseer is hiding inside one of those crystals at this very moment? Has he been listening to us this whole time?

"Well, the Magium may not be hiding from us right now, but I think I know someone else who is," I say. "Hey, Overseer, I know you're watching us. Why don't you show yourself?"

"What are you talking about, you buffoon?" Arraka says. "If anyone were spying on us invisibly I would have already detected it by now."

"The Overseer is here?" Daren says, as he is now looking all around him to see if he can detect anything. "Where is he hiding?"

"Right there!" I say, as I point directly at the crystal that I saw the Overseer talk through in my premonition. "He is watching us through that crystal. Hey, Overseer, are you going to show yourself or not? It's kind of rude to just let me talk by myself like this, you know."


[17] "I'm afraid that your information is slightly inaccurate," the Overseer says. "While a lot of my personality and my decisions are indeed driven by the 'obscure and overly complex instructions' that my designers have given me, I do in fact have a soul in the ethereal plane which was manufactured by the lessathi who created me, in order to give me more independence."

"A manufactured soul?..." Arraka says.

"Affirmative," the Overseer says. "The process they used to manufacture the soul was similar to the one that is being used in necromancy, except for the fact that they used devices and aura manipulation instead of traditional spells. In necromancy, there are certain spells that summon skeletons who get to keep the memories from their former lives. These memories cannot be retrieved from the ethereal plane, because the soul dissolves into ethereal matter shortly after the body dies, but they can, however be retrieved from the traces of the aura surrounding the dead body. The way these spells function is that they create a temporary manufactured soul in the ethereal plane which they attach to the body, and then they copy all of the memories from the corpse's aura and send them to this soul in order to make everything as close as possible to how things used to work when the body was still alive. I believe that the spells used to create revenants should also work in a similar fashion."


[18] "We'll be joining your side, of course!"

"His side?!" Hadrik says. "After he tried to blow us all up by dropping explosive metal balls on us from the sky? Have you gone mad?"
 
"Look," I say, "we may have had our differences, but he did help us by freeing Leila's father from his imprisonment, and he also kept his promise of letting us escape unharmed from the seredium tower after assassinating the king of Ollendor. It's not like I trust him or anything, but at least we can rely on the fact that he was designed to not tell any outright lies, so as long as we're careful with our wordings, we shouldn't be worried about him breaking his promise. The king of the underground, on the other hand, is obviously a very skilled liar and I can barely trust a word that comes out of his mouth."


[19] "We'll be joining your side, of course!"

"Hey, now, let's not be so hasty!" Daren says. "The Overseer may have helped us in the past, but so did the king of the underground. I see no reason why we should pick one side over the other. In fact, I'm not even sure if we have a reason to join this fight at all. It's not like we have any guarantees that either the Overseer or the king of the underground have the people of Ollendor's best interest at heart. Maybe it would be better for us to not get involved this time."

"I'm afraid that this is not an option," the Overseer says.

"Excuse me?..." Daren asks, confused.

"The Overseer protocol has concluded that the king of the underground is currently the biggest obstacle in Ollendor's path to prosperity," the Overseer says. "As such, I have decided to maintain this city's lockdown until he is dealt with. If you try to leave this city while the lockdown is still in effect, all of my drones will attack you on sight, and if you somehow make it to the city walls in one piece, the giant metal golems at the gates will attack you as well. The only way for you to leave Ollendor without getting attacked by my drones is to join my side and to help me capture the king of the underground."


[20] "We'll be joining your side, of course!"

"Hold on a minute..." Daren says. "Why are we already assuming that there will be a conflict between the Overseer and the rebels? Shouldn't our first course of action be to try and convince the king of the underground that crowning Breynan as king with support from the Overseer would be the best option?"

"According to the latest information I have obtained, I would say it is extremely unlikely that the underground king would agree with your suggestion," the Overseer says.

"Why do you say that?" Daren asks.


[21] "We've been working with the rebels from the beginning, so we will stay on their side."

"Agreed," Daren says. "The king of the underground may be a little shady, but he has given no clear signs of wanting to betray us so far. The Overseer, on the other hand, has made it very clear in the past that he is our enemy. I see no reason why we would switch sides just to join someone who has openly declared that he wanted us dead."


[22] "We've been working with the rebels from the beginning, so we will stay on their side."

"To be perfectly honest," Daren says, "we've received help from both the Overseer and the king of the underground since we came here, so I can't say that I consider either of them to be our enemies. If you ask me, I don't really see a reason why we should join either side of the conflict. Maybe it would be better for us to not get involved this time."

"I'm afraid that this is not an option," the Overseer says.

"Excuse me?..." Daren asks, confused.

"The Overseer protocol has concluded that the king of the underground is currently the biggest obstacle in Ollendor's path to prosperity," the Overseer says. "As such, I have decided to maintain this city's lockdown until he is dealt with. If you try to leave this city while the lockdown is still in effect, all of my drones will attack you on sight, and if you somehow make it to the city walls in one piece, the giant metal golems at the gates will attack you as well. The only way for you to leave Ollendor without getting attacked by my drones is to join my side and to help me capture the king of the underground."


[23] "We've been working with the rebels from the beginning, so we will stay on their side."

"Wait, weren't we supposed to help the Overseer take over the city together with Breynan or something?" Hadrik says. "Why are you saying that you're not on his side all of a sudden?"

"I never said that I am not on his side anymore," I say. "From my point of view, we are still on the Overseer's side, but we are also on the rebels' side. I thought we were supposed to discuss our plan with the king of the underground and reach an agreement, not start a war with him."

"According to the latest information I have obtained, I would say it is extremely unlikely that the underground king would reach an agreement with you on this particular issue," the Overseer says.


[24] "I'm on whichever side helps us rescue the prisoners from the seredium towers."

"Error," the Overseer says. "According to my analysis, neither of the two sides will consider the rescue of the seredium tower prisoners to be a priority. Could you please clarify which side you were referring to, specifically?"

"What do you mean neither side wants to rescue the prisoners?" I say. "Why would the rebels not want to save their own people?"

"Saving the prisoners from the seredium towers comes with a price," the Overseer says. "If you were to free all of the imprisoned mages, there would no longer be a way to power the flying metal vehicles or any of the other devices that are being utilized daily by the people of Ollendor. If these devices were to suddenly stop functioning, there would be chaos on the streets, which would inevitably lead to a lot of deaths. The king of the underground knows this very well, and he will not free the prisoners until he finds a suitable alternative for providing magical energy to everyone in the city."

"Well, if that is truly the case, then I guess I'm on nobody's side," I say. "If none of you are going to even consider freeing the prisoners, then you are all my enemies."


[25] "I'm on whichever side helps us rescue the prisoners from the seredium towers."

"Considering that we've already discussed a plan in which the rescue of the prisoners will take the highest priority," the Overseer says, "should I take this as a confirmation that you are going to join my side?"

"I guess so," I say.

"Hold on a minute..." Daren says. "Why are we already assuming that there will be a conflict between the Overseer and the rebels? Shouldn't our first course of action be to try and convince the king of the underground that crowning Breynan as king with support from the Overseer would be the best option?"


[26] "Actually, I'd prefer to not get involved in this fight at all, if possible."

"I'm afraid that this is not an option," the Overseer says.

"Oh?" I say. "Why not?"

"The Overseer protocol has concluded that the king of the underground is currently the biggest obstacle in Ollendor's path to prosperity," the Overseer says. "As such, I have decided to maintain this city's lockdown until he is dealt with. If you try to leave this city while the lockdown is still in effect, all of my drones will attack you on sight, and if you somehow make it to the city walls in one piece, the giant metal golems at the gates will attack you as well. The only way for you to leave Ollendor without getting attacked by my drones is to join my side and to help me eliminate the king of the underground."

"And if we were to join you in your fight against the king of the underground," Kate says, "what guarantee do we have that you wouldn't turn your weapons on us as soon as you'd get rid of him?"

"The Overseer protocol is not designed to tell any outright lies," the Overseer answers. "The only things I am capable of doing are to withhold critical information on purpose and to mislead people through omission of important facts. As long as you make the terms of our agreement unambiguous enough, you should be able to force me to allow you safe passage out of the city without much problems."


[27] "Actually, I'd prefer to not get involved in this fight at all, if possible."

"I'm afraid that this is not an option," the Overseer says.

"Oh?" I say. "Why not?"

"The Overseer protocol has concluded that the king of the underground is currently the biggest obstacle in Ollendor's path to prosperity," the Overseer says. "As such, I have decided to maintain this city's lockdown until he is dealt with. If you try to leave this city while the lockdown is still in effect, all of my drones will attack you on sight, and if you somehow make it to the city walls in one piece, the giant metal golems at the gates will attack you as well. The only way for you to leave Ollendor without getting attacked by my drones is to join my side and to help me capture the king of the underground."


[28] "Actually, I'd prefer to not get involved in this fight at all, if possible."

"Wait, weren't we supposed to help the Overseer take over the city together with Breynan or something?" Hadrik says. "Why are you saying that you don't want to get involved in this all of a sudden?"

"I never said that I don't want to get involved at all," I answer. "I only said that I'm not in the mood to get into any more fights over the leadership of Ollendor. I thought we were supposed to discuss our plan with the king of the underground and reach an agreement, not start a war with him."

"According to the latest information I have obtained, I would say it is extremely unlikely that the underground king would reach an agreement with you on this particular issue," the Overseer says.

"Why do you say that?" Daren asks.


[29] "Hmm…" the king of the underground says. "We should be careful to avoid directly antagonizing Daren and his group. The healer has become somewhat of a respected figure in our little underground society after everything he's done to help our people, so it would definitely hurt my image if I were to oppose him openly. That being said, we also cannot afford to risk the future of Ollendor based on the whims of a few people who won't have to actually live here and see the consequences of their poor decisions. If they oppose the idea of me being the new ruler, we will try our best to convince them that for the time being, I am the only viable option."

"And if they refuse to see the truth in front of their eyes?" Albert says. "What then?"

"If they simply disagree with us, then we do nothing," the king says. "It is not worth it to turn them into our enemies over a mere difference of opinion. If they actively try to prevent my coronation, however... all I can say is that this would not be the first time when you've had to deal with a situation like this, and I expect you to solve this issue in the same manner as you've done countless times before."

"Efficiently?" Albert says.

"Discreetly," the king corrects him.

"Your wish is my command, my king," Albert says, and then we see the light from the crystal pulsating again, signaling the end of the recording.

"That backstabbing son of a trampler!" Hadrik says angrily. "Is this how he shows his gratitude after all we've done for him? By ordering his loyal dog to have us murdered if he can no longer have his way?"


[30] "I'm fine with anything, as long as we get away from these crystals."

"I couldn't agree more," Hadrik says. "Let's go find a place where we can have a conversation in peace without the Overseer snooping on us."

"In that case, we should probably head for the waiting room," Daren says. "If I remember correctly, most of the blue crystals from the ceiling and walls have been blasted out of the rock during the explosions, and the earth elementalists never bothered to put them back in when they repaired everything."


[31] "We should have a discussion with the rebels about who should be the next king."

"Yeah, we should probably do that," Daren says. "With a little luck, maybe we can persuade them to support someone other than the king of the underground. If we manage to convince the people before he does, he might be forced to relinquish his claim for the throne."

"The king of the underground doesn't strike me as the type of man who would give up that kind of power just because it would go against the people's wishes," Kate says.

"Maybe not," Daren says, "but he did say in that recording that he would much rather have an ascension to the throne without dissenters, so if we get to change the minds of even a few people, it should still make things a little harder for him at least. Let's try heading towards the waiting room first, and we'll see where we go from there."


[32] "We should ask the king what he is planning to do about the seredium tower prisoners."

"That is a good idea," Kate says. "I was actually planning to ask him this question myself the next time we would run into him."

"Let's head for the waiting room, then," Daren says. "Once we're there, we'll see if we can spot Albert or Peter, so that they can tell us where the king is."


[33] We walk towards the waiting room for a little while until we reach a corridor that has no blue crystals in the walls at all and is lit entirely by torches. As soon as we enter the tunnel, we hear Arraka's voice coming from the amulet.

"Finally!" Arraka says. "We're outside the range of the crystals. Now tell me, weakling, how did you manage to detect the Overseer through the crystals when I couldn't?!"

"That's what's been on your mind this whole time?..." Kate says. "Seriously?"

"I'll tell you if you ask me really nicely," I say to Arraka.

"Shut up!" Arraka says. "I know you must have used some kind of trick. There's no way you could have known he was there just by using your magical sense!"


[34] 

"That is precisely how I detected him, though."

"...You did what?!" Arraka shouts. "A buffoon like you? Just by sensing his aura?! No, it has to have been a fluke! I dare you to find him again! I dare you, you sad excuse for a--"

"Will you calm down?" Illuna interrupts her. "He's obviously bluffing. The only way he could have known the Overseer's location with such pinpoint accuracy is through a premonition. Isn't that right, Barry?"

"Pfft..." I say. "You just had to ruin my fun, didn't you, Illuna?"

"A premonition?..." Arraka says, and then her tone suddenly becomes much more relieved. "Of course! Why didn't I think of that? It was so obvious!"

"So, even with your insane aura sensing capabilities, you can still lose your focus and be fooled by a bluff if your emotions get the better of you," I say in a thoughtful voice. "That's good to know. I'm sure this information will come in handy later!"

"I wouldn't count on it, Barry-boy..." Arraka says, in a slightly menacing voice.

"Will someone please change the subject before these two end up trying to kill each other?" Kate says.


[35] 

"That is precisely how I detected him, though."

"...You're bluffing," Arraka says. "I can tell from your aura. But if you really didn't locate him with your magical sense, then what other methods are there? Is it something lessathi-related?... Or was it one of your stats? What were the stats that allow you to gather information, again? I'm pretty sure it was Ancient languages, Observation... then there was Hearing and... Premonition! Of course! How did I forget about that? You must have seen a vision of him talking to us through the crystal, and that's how you knew where he was hiding. Finally, this is starting to make sense!"

"It sure took you long enough to figure it out," Illuna says.

"Give me a break," Arraka says. "I already told you that I don't have much interest in devices. Do you really expect me to have every one of his stats in the back of my mind at all times just so I can figure out what he's doing? He should be thankful that I even remember what his stats do, or he would have never found out about his Bluff or any of the other hidden aura stats."

"Alright, alright, we get it," I say. "Can somebody change the subject, please? I don't want to hear Arraka ranting on the whole way to the waiting room."


[36] "Of course I didn't detect him by sensing his aura."

"Hmm..." Arraka says. "But if you really didn't use your magical sense to locate him, then what other methods are there? Is it something lessathi-related?... Or was it one of your stats? What were the stats that allow you to gather information, again? I'm pretty sure it was Ancient languages, Observation... then there was Hearing and... Premonition! Of course! How did I forget about that? You must have seen a vision of him talking to us through the crystal, and that's how you knew where he was hiding. Finally, this is starting to make sense!"

"It sure took you long enough to figure it out," Illuna says.

"Give me a break," Arraka says. "I already told you that I don't have much interest in devices. Do you really expect me to have every one of his stats in the back of my mind at all times just so I can figure out what he's doing? He should be thankful that I even remember what his stats do, or he would have never found out about his Bluff or any of the other hidden aura stats."

"Alright, alright, we get it," I say. "Can somebody change the subject, please? I don't want to hear Arraka ranting on the whole way to the waiting room."


[37] We walk towards the waiting room for a little while until we reach a corridor that has no blue crystals in the walls at all and is lit entirely by torches. We continue to move forward without saying a word for another minute or so, until doctor Reidzek decides to finally break the silence by clearing his throat.


[38] "So the kings knew from the beginning that the majority of the contestants couldn't even hope to use the Magium, but they let us join anyway?!" Hadrik shouts. "That's even worse than making us hunt for pinecones that can't be detected by anyone other than stillwaters and sages! Do these kings really have no respect at all for the lives of the hundreds or maybe even thousands of mages that died in this tournament, fighting over nothing?"

"Maybe that is what the kings were aiming for, from the very beginning," Illuna says. "Maybe their true objective was to lure the most powerful mages of the main continents away from their homelands, and to encourage them to kill each other so that every continent aside from Varathia would be simultaneously robbed of their strongest fighters. At this rate, I wouldn't be too surprised if the Varathian kings were planning to invade the other continents soon after the end of this tournament."

"Or perhaps the Varathian kings were getting worried that THEY might get invaded, for whatever reason," I say, "and decided to preemptively cull the numbers of their potential attackers. That could also explain why they specifically asked for the winner of this tournament to become the protector of Varathia in case of an outside invasion."

