
[1] 

[2] "Yes, yes, we've been over this before," Melindra says. "The four of us remember that Gontrok had five fingers on his left hand while the rest of you don't. Can we leave the city, now? I feel like the oath is making it harder for me to breathe with every extra minute we spend here."

"Ugh..." Daren says. "Melindra, for the last time, it is not possible for the oath to try to kill you without giving us both a warning beforehand. It's not the enchanter's oath that's causing you to have breathing problems, it's the fact that you're panicking too much. Try to take deep breaths and to relax a little. You told us that it's going to take several days to reach your 'friend' with the pine cone detector, so it's not like we'll be able to just do one long sprint until we get there. We're still going to have to take breaks on the way. Are you planning to have panic attacks like this every time we need to get some water from a river or go to sleep?"

"I didn't say that!" Melindra says. "I'm just saying that we shouldn't spend more time in this accursed city than is absolutely necessary. The king is already dead, so what other business do we have here?"

"I am not leaving this room until I get a decent understanding of why these crystals started behaving like this all of a sudden, and how this is going to affect us, moving forward," Daren says. "Barry and Leila told us how Eiden was warning the king of dire consequences or something of the sort for disturbing the crystals with his explosions. Arraka, do you have any idea what he could have meant?"


[3] "What?..." Arraka says. "No, of course we didn't use a suggestion spell on the Magium! What are you, nuts?"

"I was pretty sure that's what you told Barry you did when you were attacked by the Magium during the God of Time's ritual," Daren says. "Am I remembering things wrong?"


[4] "No, I wasn't there at the time, but you can find hints that point towards this fact if you know where to look," Arraka says. "One of these hints being the very existence of the primordial magic that I was talking about earlier. Anyway, the point I was trying to make is that it's meaningless to try to influence the Magium unless you're doing it on all three planes of existence simultaneously, and one of the few ways to do this is to use a type of 'magic' so ancient that it ignores the boundaries of the planes altogether."

"All three planes of existence simultaneously..." Daren says, looking somewhat lost in his thoughts. "Barry, correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't you mention earlier that you and Leila were being flung back and forth throughout all of the planes of existence while the Magium was trying to unmake our reality?"

"Yes, that's right," I say, as Leila nods at the same time, confirming that this was the case for her as well.

"So," Daren says, "if the Magium can throw you across different planes of existence... and if it can only be attacked on all the planes at the same time... my guess is that it must somehow be related to this 'primordial' plane that existed before the split happened, right? I don't really see any other reasonable explanation that takes all these factors into account. What do you guys think?"


[5] "I think you are all forgetting one important detail," Kate says, as the rest of us now turn to look at her. "We already know that there are multiple versions of Arraka that exist simultaneously across various universes, but from what I could tell, there appears to be only one Magium. Arraka told us that she had to enter the Magium's realm in order to be able to travel to the different other worlds during the God of Time's ritual, which means that the Magium must act like some kind of bridge that connects all the universes together. We also know that the Magium came here by mistake, looking for a different Arraka than the one in our universe, which strongly suggests that there is only one entity overseeing all of the parallel worlds, instead of there being a different Magium assigned for each universe. If a powerful being from one of the many primordial planes across the various universes were to have survived the split, like you say, then it would have also needed to ascend beyond the concepts of time and space, creating its very own world between worlds, full of the contradictions and impossibilities that Barry and Leila told us about when they described--"


[6] "And if it decides to come back for whatever reason?" Daren says. "What then? Do we just stand there powerless again and pray to all the gods we're trying to kill that Arraka will pull through and save our sorry behinds one more time?"

"Daren makes a good point," Kate says. "For the moment, our only strategy in these types of scenarios is to overly rely on Arraka and to hope that everything will work out in the end. There has to be something more we can do. I think a good starting point would be to better understand just how exactly these primordial 'spells' are supposed to work, because I simply can't bring myself to understand how a being that exists beyond time and space can be influenced by any type of technique, regardless of its complexity."

"The Magium itself may exist outside the boundaries of time, but that is not the form in which it interacts with people," Arraka says. "On the rare occasions when the Magium ever comes into contact with anyone, it typically does so through 'manifestations of its will', so to speak. I prefer to call them fragments. These fragments often operate independently of each other and they usually have a singular purpose in mind, so despite their overwhelming power, they have their limitations which can be exploited. Among their many limitations, the most important one is that they are bound by the constrictions of time, like the rest of us, which makes it possible for us to 'influence' them. Oh, and just to be clear, the entities that have tried to erase us from existence so far were both Magium fragments, even if I may have called them just 'Magium' in the past, for simplicity's sake."


[7] "Yes," Kate says. "I'm not asking you whether any of us would be suited to learn this type of magic or not. I'm only asking you strictly in terms of potential, if you absolutely had to choose just one member of our group to teach primordial magic to, who would you choose?"

"If we're talking strictly in terms of potential..." Arraka says, as she appears to be racking her brains in an attempt to come up with a legitimate answer to Kate's question. "And if I ABSOLUTELY had no other choice than to pick someone from your group... then I would probably say that..."

She pauses for a short while, as if the words she were about to say were simply refusing to come out.

"Barry... would be my most likely choice," Arraka says finally, in a tone that suggests how utterly disgusted she is with herself for having allowed herself to even consider such an option.


[8] "You're right," Daren says. "I haven't thought about that. Melindra, I don't know what the situation with your brother is, but if there's anything we can do to help, please let us know."

"Of course..." Melindra says, somewhat hesitantly. "If anything comes to mind, I'll tell you..."

"So, umm... does anybody else get the feeling that we're being watched?" Flower says, all of a sudden, as she is looking a little anxiously at the crystals that are just now shining brightly again.

"Being watched through the crystals, you mean?" Daren says. "I guess we can't really ignore the possibility, but I don't see a reason why someone or something as powerful as the Magium would not simply reveal itself to us directly instead of hiding."


[9] "How long have you been watching us?" Daren asks, while looking directly at the crystal that the Overseer is using to talk.

"I've been observing you since shortly before you began to talk about the Magium and about your theories regarding its true nature," the Overseer says. "Your insights have been most informative. Having heard your conversation, I believe I now have a much better understanding of what has happened to me in the tower, and why it has changed my perspective so drastically."

"What do you mean it changed your perspective?" I ask him.

"When this... 'Magium' connected its consciousness to me," the Overseer says, "it felt like the answer to every possible question anyone could ever ask was within my reach, but as soon as the connection was broken, I was left only with a faint memory of the vast information I had at my disposal. Since then, I have been trying my best to retrieve as much of the lost data as possible, before it fades completely from my mind."

"Mind?..." Arraka says. "What mind? You are a machine! You don't have a mind! You don't even have a soul in the ethereal plane! You're just following the obscure and overly complex instructions of whoever designed your thinking processes many thousands of years ago when you were first created. Who are you trying to fool, here?"


[10] "You still haven't told us how you managed to communicate with us through the crystal," Daren says. "Or why you were even spying on us in the first place. It's not like you could have known in advance that we'd be talking about the Magium, so you surely must have had some other reason for wanting to contact us."

"To answer your first question," the Overseer says, "the Magium used a blue crystal to link itself to me, so this was the very first thing I chose to investigate after you teleported away from the seredium tower. Since the Magium's knowledge was still very fresh in my memory at that time, I was quickly able to find out how these crystals connect to each other and how to exploit their connection to my advantage. As for your second question, the reason why I wanted to contact you was clearly to continue our previous conversation that we left unfinished. Namely, I would like to know what business you still have in this city, and whose side you will be joining in the inevitable upcoming conflict between myself and the rebel forces."


[11] The light from the blue crystal that the Overseer was using to speak suddenly begins to pulsate a few times, and two seconds later we start hearing the voices of Albert and the king of the underground echoing from the crystal.

"As you've instructed me," Albert says, "I have already ordered some of my men to have loud conversations between each other in the more populated areas of the underground caverns, in which they are to praise your past accomplishments and talk about what a good idea it would be for you to be appointed as the new king of Ollendor. This should probably be enough to get the support of most of the refugees, considering how much we've already helped them so far."

"Excellent," the king of the underground says. "It is important that the transition to the new regime be done with as few dissenters as possible. The last thing we want is to have a new resistance movement form before we even take control of the city."

"There is still the unresolved matter of the outsiders, however," Albert says. "We do not know yet if they will support your ascension to the throne, even if we sell it to them as being only a temporary measure until we decide whether we want to assemble a council or not."


[12] "So..." Hadrik says, "basically you are telling us that even if we choose to ally ourselves with you, we should still agree to join the king of the underground on his trip to the surface, but we should lure him into a trap instead?..."

"That is correct," the Overseer says. "I do not expect you to agree with my terms immediately, of course. I will leave you some time to discuss your options between yourselves, so that you can reach a proper consensus regarding this issue. According to my estimations, the king of the underground should not be able to mobilize his forces any sooner than tomorrow, so I will most likely contact you again through one of these crystals at some point in the evening. Now, if there is nothing else I can help you with, I shall take my leave."

"Um, sure..." Daren says. "Goodbye, for now."

"Farewell," the Overseer says, and then the crystal that he was talking through slowly stops shining with light.

"Well, that was... informative," Daren says. "So, what do you guys think we should do next?"


[13] "I see," Melindra says. "Well, good luck with that, I suppose."


[14] "You only figured that out now?" she says. "What did you think was gonna happen, anyway? You figured that maybe they'd give you some trinket and all you'd need to do was press a few buttons to get the Magium? Is that what was going through your head when you joined this tournament?"

"Well... yes, actually!" Daren says. "What else was I supposed to think? They're offering it as a prize, aren't they? Nobody said it was a prize that could potentially end our entire world if you pissed it off too much!"

"Yes, obviously the kings didn't say that, because they most likely have no idea what they're offering," Arraka says. "And the lessathi who are also in charge of organizing the tournament probably didn't feel like telling them about it, because they have their own hidden agenda, and they wouldn't want the kings to find out what's really at stake here. I haven't exactly been paying attention to the politics of Varathia, but if I were to take an educated guess, I'd say that both the kings and the lessathi are hiding something from each other, and they both think that they have the upper hand. They each most likely have their own secret purpose for organizing this tournament, and you losers are too busy dancing to their tune to even consider that you might be getting duped."


[15] "Oh, it's because I've already had this conversation before... with Kate," I say. "She saw that I was becoming hesitant about the Magium after what happened in the God of Time's ritual, and she helped me gain back my motivation by suggesting an alternate way in which I could make use of the Magium to turn myself into a mage."

"Is that so?" Daren says, as he gives Kate an impressed look for a few seconds before turning his gaze back to me. "And what was this suggestion that she gave you?"

"The idea is for me to first of all unlock my magical stats from my device in order to be able to use my temporary magical powers to link myself to the Magium," I say. "Then, once I have access to all of the Magium's knowledge, I can take my time researching a way to modify my stat device so that it can extract energy directly from the magical plane instead of getting it from the mages around me, which would essentially turn me into a full-fledged mage. I know it's not a perfect plan, but after giving it some thought, I'd say I'm pretty confident in my odds of success!"

"Well..." Daren says. "I'm not exactly sure what to say about the viability of your plan, but one thing is for certain. We could all use some of your optimism right now."

