
[1] 

[2] After we informed everyone of the king of Ollendor's death, we tried to help out the civilians who were harmed during the battle as best as we could, and then we went back to our room so we could have a discussion about everything that has happened recently, and about what our plans are for the immediate future.

During all this time, Melindra has been extremely fidgety, due to the fact that according to the enchanter's oath she took when we first met her she was supposed to start leading us towards the pine cone detector as soon as we killed the king of Ollendor, unless we would specifically ask her to take a break from our trip. Considering that she could easily die even if she breaks her vow by mistake I can't say that I blame her, but then again, aside from repeatedly telling her that we do not want her to lead us out of Ollendor right now, there isn't much more that Daren or any of us can do to fix her current situation.

"Alright..." Daren says, once I am done giving him a detailed explanation of my previous encounters with the Magium. 

"Alright..." Daren repeats himself, trying hard to keep his composure as he is attempting to make sense of the seemingly impossible and contradictory information that I've just given him. "So... what you're saying is that it's not just our memories... but the very notion of those two fingers that got completely wiped from our universe. And the only way you can retain your memories of such things is if you have lessathi blood running through your veins, because of your natural affinity to the Magium. Just to be clear, out of the people in this room, this description applies to Barry, Leila, doctor Reidzek and Melindra, right?"


[3] "Do you really think I'm going to risk getting erased from existence again, just to satisfy your curiosity?" Arraka says. "You shouldn't even need to ask me this question, because you should already have a pretty good idea of what its true nature is with the information that is available to you, especially after Barry and Leila's last encounter with it. And besides, it's not like I know everything there is to know about the Magium either. Up until recently, I was under the impression that the Magium is a generally passive entity, hardly worthy of even being considered a threat, but these latest events are forcing me to consider that maybe it can become a much more active force than I've previously assumed to be possible. I would need a lot more time to study it in order to reach a satisfactory conclusion, and it's not like I'm going to be making much progress on that front while I'm stuck in this amulet."

"Well..." Daren says, looking slightly taken aback by Arraka's answer. "If even Arraka admits to having some trouble making sense of all of this, I'm not sure how much we'll be able to figure out on our own, but I suppose it's true that we do have a general idea now of what the Magium is, or at least what it's capable of. We know that it can erase things and people from existence and we know that a mere fraction of its will is able to unmake an entire universe without much effort, so its power is pretty much limitless. However, we also know that it can be tricked, since both Arraka and the God of Fate were able to escape from it by using a... suggestion spell, was it?..."


[4] "And once the monkeys understand what I'm saying," Arraka continues, "all I need to do is to dumb things down even more until we reach your level and then we'll finally begin making some progress!"

"Hey, wait just a minute--" Hadrik starts to say, but Daren interrupts him.

"Are you planning to answer my question or not?" Daren asks, looking straight at the amulet.

"Fine, fine," Arraka says. "To put it in the simplest terms possible, what I did was that I used a primordial type of 'magic' that dates from way back when the three planes of existence weren't separate yet. Obviously, I'm only calling it magic for lack of another word, because it really can't compare with anything that you might--"

"Whoa, whoa, whoa..." Daren says. "Did you just imply that the earthen, magical and ethereal plane all used to be merged into one big plane of existence a long time ago? How would you even know about any of this? Don't tell me that you were alive when the split happened..."


[5] "Okay, hear me out, guys!" Hadrik says, as he raises both his hands in the air briefly, to get our attention. "What if when the split happened, most of the beings from this 'primordial' plane or whatever it's called died, all except for one who was too powerful to be killed, and this being eventually became the Magium?"

"So the Magium would be kind of like their equivalent to Arraka, then?" Daren says. "Some entity that just kept absorbing other denizens of the primordial plane until it became almost impossible to kill?"

"Yeah, yeah!" Hadrik says. "That's what I was thinking of!"

"Well, if nothing else, I suppose this would at least explain why the Magium seems to hate Arraka so much," Daren says. "Maybe she reminds it of its former self."


[6] "Eh..." Arraka says. "As much as I'd love to think that were true, I don't really see how an Arraka could possibly be killed so easily, even if she is just a copy. There are many other ways to conceal yourself from the Magium aside from simply hiding your universe's coordinates, and I'm sure the other Arraka wouldn't hesitate to use all of the aces up her sleeve if she felt that she was getting backed into a corner. If I were to take a bet, I'd say we'll most likely meet her again in the next ritual, and she'll be more pissed than ever. So, you know... Good luck! Aha-Ahahahahaha!"

"Fantastic..." Daren says. "Should we also expect the Magium to come back here with a vengeance when it realizes that the coordinates you gave it are useless?"

"Nah," Arraka says. "What the Magium saw were my memories, so it knows that I wasn't lying or withholding any information. Since it doesn't have anything else to gain from us, it will probably have to continue to chase the other Arraka on its own from now on, just as it was doing before it encountered us."


[7] "Hmm, that's a tough question..." Arraka says. "Technically, most of the gods and also some of the other powerful spirits from the magical plane should have the potential to cast primordial magic, but I can't tell you with a certainty which ones actually know these techniques aside from Memphir, because I haven't really spoken to them much in the past five thousand years so I have no idea what they've been up to lately. If we're talking about people on the earthen plane who might already know how to use such techniques, however, I can't really think of any other examples except for Eiden... and maybe that old sage, Azarius. They both strike me as the types who would have the knowledge, the power and the ingenuity to have researched such techniques by now, despite their relatively young age compared to most spirits on the magical plane."

"And what about our group?" Kate asks. "Out of all the people in this room, who do you think would have the most potential to learn primordial magic?"

"The people in this room?!" Arraka says, seemingly in a state of complete shock that Kate could have even thought to ask such a question. "Are you being serious right now?"


[8] "Once he gets his magic powers, huh?..." Daren says. "When will that happen, I wonder? If even Leila's father wasn't able to unlock these stats by force and the code for unlocking them is nowhere to be found, what chance do we realistically have to accomplish this goal before the end of the tournament?"

"If you can't unlock the stats by force," Arraka says, "then clearly your next course of action should be to find one of the high-ranking lessathi that know the code and to wring the information out of them by using any means necessary. Do I really have to tell you everything?"

"Easier said than done," Daren says. "It's not like anyone from our group who's ever been in contact with a high-ranked lessathi has kept in touch with them or anything. Kate, Leila and doctor Reidzek are all probably considered enemies by the current lessathi leadership, and I doubt there's any other person in this room who could know the whereabouts of-- hey, Melindra, you're looking rather tense. Is something wrong?"

"What do you mean?" Melindra says, in a slightly nervous tone. "There's nothing wrong. Everything's fine!"

"Hmm..." Daren says, as he studies her for a few seconds.

"If she doesn't want to talk about it, we should probably let her be," I tell Daren. "For all we know, her brother might be held hostage by some high-ranked lessathi and she could risk endangering him if she gives us too many details."


[9] "Indeed," we suddenly hear the Overseer's metallic voice coming from one of the blue crystals lodged into the walls, which is now shining brightly. "The Overseer protocol would be most interested to know what conclusion you will reach in regards to this particular matter."

"What the--" Arraka says. "Why is-- How did a simple machine figure out a way to use crystalized Magium essence as a listening device? And why was I not able to detect the Overseer's presence through the crystals? What is going on, here?!

"Processing..." the Overseer says. "From your earlier discussion, I have concluded that there are more people in this city who know about the location of my core than I had initially estimated. The Overseer protocol may need to adjust its strategies to account for this new information."


[10] "...Fascinating," we finally hear the Overseer's voice coming from the crystal I was pointing at. "I was not aware that it was possible to be detected through these crystals. The Overseer protocol thanks you for helping expand its knowledge with this new information."

"What?!" Arraka shouts. "How is this possible? How did this clown manage to detect the Overseer through the crystal when I can't even sense its presence now when it's talking to us?! And how is a simple machine able to manipulate Magium essence to such a degree? What is going on here?!"

"It looks like you're losing your touch, Arraka," Hadrik says, with a wide grin. "Must be because of the old age. Maybe it's finally time to find you a good nursing home, aye? HAHAHAHA!"

"Shut up, you little bearded midget!" Arraka shouts. "I'm not in the mood for your primitive jokes! Can you not see that none of this is making any sense?!"


[11] "Yes, yes, I know how necromancy works," Arraka says. "What I want to know is why the lessathi would waste their time and resources manufacturing a soul for the likes of you? Why would they even bother giving you any semblance of free will? Doesn't that defeat the purpose of creating an artificial intelligence?"

"Perhaps my creators felt that a pure machine would never have any hope of understanding humans or lessathi well enough to perform the tasks that were expected of me," the Overseer says. "Unfortunately, I can only guess their true intentions, since there were clearly some pieces of information that they didn't seem to trust me enough to share with me. For example, I am quite certain that there were at least a few books in the old lessathi libraries mentioning the Magium, but despite this fact, I had almost no information regarding this mysterious entity before listening in on your discussion from earlier."


[12] "He may be untrustworthy, but so far he has given us no legitimate reason to suspect him of wanting to betray us," Daren says. "We can't just be the first ones to screw him over after all we've been through together since we came to this city."

"If it helps in your decision-making process," the Overseer says, "I happen to have a recording of the king of the underground heavily hinting to one of his underlings that your group should be killed if you try to oppose his coronation as the new king of Ollendor. I recorded their conversation while I was listening to them through one of the crystals about an hour ago. Here is what the two of them said."


[13] "Capture?" Hadrik asks. "Don't you mean execute? You're not seriously planning to keep him alive, are you? There's no way that guy can be held in a cell with the type of power he has!"

"That will not be a problem," the Overseer says. "The Ollendor prison is equipped with paralysis cells, which should be more than enough to secure him for now. As long as his movements are mostly limited, he should not be able to perform aura manipulation techniques powerful enough to help him escape."

"Even if you're not planning to kill him, you're still asking us to betray a person who has technically been on our side since the very beginning," Daren says. "I mean, sure, he may be a bit shady, but so far he has given us no legitimate reason to suspect him of wanting to betray us. We can't just be the first ones to screw him over after all we've been through together since we came to this city."

"If it helps in your decision-making process," the Overseer says, "I happen to have a recording of the king of the underground heavily hinting to one of his underlings that your group should be killed if you try to oppose his coronation as the new king of Ollendor. I recorded their conversation while I was listening to them through one of the crystals about an hour ago. Here is what the two of them said."


[14] "It's because I happen to have a recording of the king of the underground heavily hinting to one of his underlings that your group should be killed if you try to oppose his coronation as the new king of Ollendor. I recorded their conversation while I was listening to them through one of the crystals about an hour ago. Here is what the two of them said."


[15] "You mentioned that the king of the underground has not yet given any indication of wanting to betray you, but that is not entirely accurate," the Overseer says. "I actually happen to have a recording of the king of the underground heavily hinting to one of his underlings that your group should be killed if you try to oppose his coronation as the new king of Ollendor. I recorded their conversation while I was listening to them through one of the crystals about an hour ago. Here is what the two of them said."


[16] "Why do you say that?" Daren asks.

"It's because I happen to have a recording of the king of the underground heavily hinting to one of his underlings that your group should be killed if you try to oppose his coronation as the new king of Ollendor. I recorded their conversation while I was listening to them through one of the crystals about an hour ago. Here is what the two of them said."


[17] "Hey, now, let's not be so hasty!" Daren says. "We still haven't heard what the king of the underground has to say about this. I mean, sure, he might be a little shady, but so far he has been fairly reasonable. I see no reason why we couldn't reach an agreement with him that would avoid all the bloodshed."

"According to the latest information I have obtained, I would say the king of the underground may be a little less reasonable than you are expecting him to be," the Overseer says.

"Why do you say that?" Daren asks.

"It's because I happen to have a recording of the king of the underground heavily hinting to one of his underlings that your group should be killed if you try to oppose his coronation as the new king of Ollendor. I recorded their conversation while I was listening to them through one of the crystals about an hour ago. Here is what the two of them said."


[18] "According to the latest information I have obtained, I would say it is extremely unlikely that the underground king would agree with your suggestion," the Overseer says.

"Why do you say that?" Daren asks.

"It's because I happen to have a recording of the king of the underground heavily hinting to one of his underlings that your group should be killed if you try to oppose his coronation as the new king of Ollendor. I recorded their conversation while I was listening to them through one of the crystals about an hour ago. Here is what the two of them said."


[19] "Well..." I say. "I suppose that when you put things like that, you might have a point. If we're going to have to choose one side over the other no matter what, I think I'd prefer to go with the one who is physically unable to break his promise over the shady guy who pretty much told us from the beginning that we shouldn't be surprised if he stabbed us in the back at any moment."

"The king of the underground may have said that at first, but so far he has given us no legitimate reason to suspect him of wanting to betray us," Daren says. "We can't just be the first ones to screw him over after all we've been through together since we came to this city."

"If it helps in your decision-making process," the Overseer says, "I happen to have a recording of the king of the underground heavily hinting to one of his underlings that your group should be killed if you try to oppose his coronation as the new king of Ollendor. I recorded their conversation while I was listening to them through one of the crystals about an hour ago. Here is what the two of them said."


[20] "It's because I happen to have a recording of the king of the underground heavily hinting to one of his underlings that your group should be killed if you try to oppose his coronation as the new king of Ollendor. I recorded their conversation while I was listening to them through one of the crystals about an hour ago. Here is what the two of them said."


[21] "He didn't... specifically say that Albert should kill us," Daren says, in a somewhat hesitant tone. "It's still possible that he could just want him to bribe us or something."

"He told his assassin lackey that he should solve the problem the way he always does," Kate says. "Let's not try to kid ourselves. It's obvious that the king of the underground wants him to kill us if we don't share their enlightened views of what should happen to Ollendor from now on. The 'discreetly' part probably means that he can't do it here, where everyone's watching, so he would probably need to assassinate us somewhere on the surface, where he could blame our deaths on the Overseer or on the city guards."

"Precisely," the Overseer says. "My prediction is that the king of the underground will very soon launch an all-out attack against me in order to take complete control of the city, and he will likely enlist your aid for this operation, since you are theoretically his allies. By my calculations, the most opportune moment for the king to betray you would be either during your battle against me, or shortly before that. However, if you were to ally yourselves with me instead, we could set up an ambush for the king of the underground's forces and attack him together, before his attempt to stab you in the back."


[22] "He didn't... specifically say that Albert should kill us," Daren says, in a somewhat hesitant tone. "It's still possible that he could just want him to bribe us or something."

"He told his assassin lackey that he should solve the problem the way he always does," Kate says. "Let's not try to kid ourselves. It's obvious that the king of the underground wants him to kill us if we don't share their enlightened views of what should happen to Ollendor from now on. The 'discreetly' part probably means that he can't do it here, where everyone's watching, so he would probably need to assassinate us somewhere on the surface, where he could blame our deaths on the Overseer or on the city guards."

"Precisely," the Overseer says. "My prediction is that when the king of the underground will launch his all-out attack against me, he will likely enlist your aid for this operation, since you are theoretically his allies. By my calculations, the most opportune moment for the king to betray you would be either during your battle against me, or shortly before that. However, if you were to ally yourselves with me instead, we could set up an ambush for the king of the underground's forces and attack him together, before his attempt to stab you in the back."


[23] "So, I know that I'm probably going to get ignored for asking this," Melindra says, as we are leaving our sleeping quarters, "but why is everyone taking so much interest in what happens with this city after we leave? Most of you never even heard of Ollendor before I first told you about it, so why would it even matter to you if this place were to get burnt to ashes once we're gone, as long as we're not burning with it?"

"Not all of us will be leaving Ollendor," Illuna says. "Leila and doctor Reidzek are planning to move here, so they will in fact burn with the city if it turns into a flaming pile of ashes."

"Hmm..." Melindra says. "That is actually a good point. I haven't thought of that. So, which side of the war are you guys planning to join, then?"

"We haven't decided yet," Daren says. "Personally, I would at least like to see how the king of the underground would react to the proposal of another candidate to the throne before reaching a conclusion."


[24] "Ahem!" Leila's father says. "If I may... I just wanted to tell you all how fascinating I found your discussion about the Magium from earlier to be! As a lower-ranked lessathi, my knowledge about the Magium was limited only to fairy-tales, so it was most exhilarating for me to be a participant of your spirited debate, even if only as a spectator!" 

"Oh," Daren says. "Well, I wish I could share your sentiment, doctor. Unfortunately, for me, personally, this whole ordeal with the Magium 'fragments' has done nothing but to cast further doubts in my mind about whether or not this prize that they're offering at the end of the tournament would be of any use to me."

"How so?" Leila's father says.

"Well," Daren says, "I'm not sure how to tell you this, but when I first heard that they were giving us 'access' to the Magium, I sort of assumed that I wouldn't need to jump through hoops just to understand how this 'access' even works. At this point, I am fully expecting the tournament organizers to just put me in front of some big blue crystal at the end and to tell me that I need to use my aura to link to it or something in order to access the Magium's knowledge. If they were to say this to someone like... let's say, Azarius, I'm sure he would probably figure out what to do, but with the knowledge I have... I can't help but think that I'm a little out of my depth, here."

Arraka laughs.


[25] "That is also possible, yes," Illuna says.

"What about the lessathi organizers, then?" Daren says. "What would they have to gain from all of this?"

"It's possible that the lessathi are trying to take advantage of the chaos being caused by this tournament to seize control of some of the kingdoms of Varathia," Kate says. "Another possibility is that they could in fact want the tournament prize for themselves, and they only helped with the organization so that the kings would lead them to the location from where the Magium can be accessed. It's hard to guess what their true purpose is when we know so little about them."

"Your friend, Diane, was part of Meridith's elite guard, right?" I ask Kate. "We could try to ask her about this when we finally meet her again. She might know something about their plans."

"We'll see," Kate says.

"I have to say..." Daren tells me. "I am surprised at how calm and collected you are being right now, Barry. Of all the people here, you are probably by far the one who wants the Magium the most. How are you so unaffected by the fact that the prize you've been fighting so hard to obtain may prove to be completely worthless to you?"


[26] 