
[1] 

[2] "Shouldn't we be contacting Daren and Hadrik?" Leila writes, as we reach the entrance of the tunnel that leads to the sleeping quarters. "They might have been trying to reach us through our transceivers while we were away."

"You're right," I say. "I'll call them right now."

I pull out my transceiver and I begin by calling Daren. I give him a short explanation of why we've been missing for so long, without getting into the details of what we saw beneath the seredium tower, and then I reassure him that we're all safe. Apparently he's been trying to contact us for more than an hour. Once he agrees to come meet us outside the quarantine zone, I call Hadrik and give him the same short summary of what we've been doing. He says that he'll be in the waiting room in about ten minutes and then he closes the transceiver.

Just as I'm done talking with Hadrik, Daren comes out of the quarantine zone, holding Arraka's amulet close to his mouth like a transceiver while having a heated argument with her. Close behind them, we see the goblin healer, Kelrim, who is silently following the two of them as they are heading in our direction.


[3] "Shouldn't we be contacting Daren and Hadrik?" Leila writes, as we reach the entrance of the tunnel that leads to the sleeping quarters. "They might have been trying to reach us through our transceivers while we were away."

"You're right," I say. "And I should call Rose too. I told her that we'd contact her as soon as we'd get back to the rebel base."

I pull out my transceiver and I begin by calling Daren. I give him a short explanation of why we've been missing for so long, without getting into the details of what we saw beneath the seredium tower, and then I reassure him that we're all safe. Apparently he's been trying to contact us for more than an hour. Once he agrees to come meet us outside the quarantine zone, I call Hadrik and give him the same short summary of what we've been doing. He says that he'll be in the waiting room in about ten minutes and then he closes the transceiver.

Just as I'm done talking with Hadrik, Daren comes out of the quarantine zone, holding Arraka's amulet close to his mouth like a transceiver while having a heated argument with her. Close behind them, we see the goblin healer, Kelrim, who is silently following the two of them as they are heading in our direction.


[4] "Are you sure?..." Daren says. "From what I understood, the sickness progresses much slower for goblins, so you could still wait a week or two for the city-wide lockdown to be over until you go shopping for the herbs. There's no need to put your life in danger even more by going out there now."

"But what about all the people who would die in the meantime if you don't manage to get the herbs in time by yourself?" Kelrim says. "I can't allow any more innocent lives to be lost for no reason! As long as I'm still drawing breath, I will do anything in my power to help!"

The goblin's words about innocent lives being lost for no reason cut deeper than I thought they would. He probably didn't do it intentionally, but when he said that, it immediately reminded me of his goblin friends that we murdered without a second thought before we entered the city. The fact that he's not blaming us for his friends' deaths makes it even worse. A quick look at Daren and Kate tells me that they're both thinking the same thing. Realizing that there isn't really anything he could say to make things better about what we've done, Daren decides to respect the goblin's wishes and to offer his full support.

"In that case, you can be sure that I will have your back, Kelrim," Daren says, with a serious look in his eyes. "I promise that I won't let anything happen to you while we're on the surface."

"Thank you," Kelrim says. "For what it's worth, I will also try to make the best use of my healing abilities, if we get attacked."


[5] "Are you sure?..." Daren says. "From what I understood, the sickness progresses much slower for goblins, so you could still wait a week or two for the city-wide lockdown to be over until you go shopping for the herbs. There's no need to put your life in danger even more by going out there now."

"But what about all the people who would die in the meantime if you don't manage to get the herbs in time by yourself?" Kelrim says. "I can't allow any more innocent lives to be lost for no reason! As long as I'm still drawing breath, I will do anything in my power to help!"

"If that is what you want, I won't try to stop you," Daren says. "But when we're outside, make sure to stand behind me at all times. You never know who might try to ambush us."

"I will be careful," Kelrim says. "Thank you for your concern. For what it's worth, I will also try to make the best use of my healing abilities, if we get attacked."


[6] "Nah," I say. "If I'm not mistaken, the Overseer will most likely be deactivated by Billy Bob for betraying him as soon as he wakes up. I don't think we'll be seeing him again."

"Who cares about the Overseer?" Hadrik says. "He's just a machine! The rebels are the ones that matter. Do we know if we can trust them? Maybe we can talk to them to assemble a rescue team or something."

"The rebels won't attack any of the towers," Kate says. "Not with their 'king of the underground' in charge. They already made it clear that they wouldn't be willing to expend resources on rescue missions even if it did turn out that innocent people were being held in the towers. The only thing we can hope to achieve by allying ourselves with them is to get help in killing the king from the surface. Nothing else."

"Here's an idea," Arraka says. "How about you stop looking for help from all these losers and actually start searching for ways to deal with your problems by yourselves. Do you think these idiot rebels are going to be there to hold your hands while you're fighting the God of Time? Do you think they'll be there to fight by your side when that copy version of me from five thousand years ago is going to put her hand through your mouths and rip out your skeletons? When are you low-lives finally going to understand that this isn't a game, and that you're going to need to take your training seriously if you want to have the slightest chance of achieving your unrealistic goals?"


[7] "I'm not sure what to say, here," I answer Daren. "He seemed grateful that we killed Billy Bob for him and he seemed willing to return the favor, but I don't know what his plans are, so I don't think we can really leave our guards down around him."

"Who cares about the Overseer?" Hadrik says. "He's just a machine! The rebels are the ones that matter. Do we know if we can trust them? Maybe we can talk to them to assemble a rescue team or something."

"The rebels won't attack any of the towers," Kate says. "Not with their 'king of the underground' in charge. They already made it clear that they wouldn't be willing to expend resources on rescue missions even if it did turn out that innocent people were being held in the towers. The only thing we can hope to achieve by allying ourselves with them is to get help in killing the king from the surface. Nothing else."

"Here's an idea," Arraka says. "How about you stop looking for help from all these losers and actually start searching for ways to deal with your problems by yourselves. Do you think these idiot rebels are going to be there to hold your hands while you're fighting the God of Time? Do you think they'll be there to fight by your side when that copy version of me from five thousand years ago is going to put her hand through your mouths and rip out your skeletons? When are you low-lives finally going to understand that this isn't a game, and that you're going to need to take your training seriously if you want to have the slightest chance of achieving your unrealistic goals?"


[8] "I don't know," I say. "It depends on whether he's actually going to keep his promise to us or not. Either way, I think it's safe to say that at least he also wants the king dead, just like us."

"Who cares about the Overseer?" Hadrik says. "He's just a machine! The rebels are the ones that matter. Do we know if we can trust them? Maybe we can talk to them to assemble a rescue team or something."

"The rebels won't attack any of the towers," Kate says. "Not with their 'king of the underground' in charge. They already made it clear that they wouldn't be willing to expend resources on rescue missions even if it did turn out that innocent people were being held in the towers. The only thing we can hope to achieve by allying ourselves with them is to get help in killing the king from the surface. Nothing else."

"Here's an idea," Arraka says. "How about you stop looking for help from all these losers and actually start searching for ways to deal with your problems by yourselves. Do you think these idiot rebels are going to be there to hold your hands while you're fighting the God of Time? Do you think they'll be there to fight by your side when that copy version of me from five thousand years ago is going to put her hand through your mouths and rip out your skeletons? When are you low-lives finally going to understand that this isn't a game, and that you're going to need to take your training seriously if you want to have the slightest chance of achieving your unrealistic goals?"


[9] "Definitely not," I say. "In fact, he's probably going to be one of our most troublesome enemies. We certainly can't afford to underestimate him."

"Who cares about the Overseer?" Hadrik says. "He's just a machine! The rebels are the ones that matter. Do we know if we can trust them? Maybe we can talk to them to assemble a rescue team or something."

"The rebels won't attack any of the towers," Kate says. "Not with their 'king of the underground' in charge. They already made it clear that they wouldn't be willing to expend resources on rescue missions even if it did turn out that innocent people were being held in the towers. The only thing we can hope to achieve by allying ourselves with them is to get help in killing the king from the surface. Nothing else."

"Here's an idea," Arraka says. "How about you stop looking for help from all these losers and actually start searching for ways to deal with your problems by yourselves. Do you think these idiot rebels are going to be there to hold your hands while you're fighting the God of Time? Do you think they'll be there to fight by your side when that copy version of me from five thousand years ago is going to put her hand through your mouths and rip out your skeletons? When are you low-lives finally going to understand that this isn't a game, and that you're going to need to take your training seriously if you want to have the slightest chance of achieving your unrealistic goals?"


[10] "No, she's right," Hadrik says. "I should not have let him get to me like that with only a few words. If Barry hadn't managed to keep Gontrok busy while I was unconscious, he may well have killed you all, and it would have been my fault. I won't let it happen again."

"You'd better not," Arraka says. "Because if we ever get close to finishing off Selkram and you mess up because he triggers some repressed memory of yours by saying a few random words, I swear that I will put my fingers through your eye sockets and rip your skull from your spine. On that note, how about you work on your actual combat techniques too, and not just on your mental fortitude? I've seen you practicing some new moves in the last few days, but you didn't use a single one of them in today's fight. What were you waiting for? A formal invitation?"


[11] "The reason is that I have far less control over freezing spells than I have over my icicle attacks," Kate says. "I can freeze people with my ice beams, but I can't unfreeze them. Once I shoot a beam, it is out of my control. It's different from when I conjure an icicle or make a dragon out of ice. The ice is something that I can control at will, and I can also make it disappear whenever I want. The same cannot be said about any of my freezing spells. There's also the fact that shooting icicles allows me to attack my targets with pinpoint accuracy, whereas most of my freezing spells affect a larger area, so if I were to hit someone by mistake, there would be no way for me to undo the effect. If I am to use a freezing attack, it's typically going to be only when I'm absolutely certain that I won't hit any of my allies with it by accident."

"Bla bla bla," Arraka says. "All I'm hearing is more whiney excuses. You don't know how to unfreeze people? Then learn how to do it. It's as simple as that."

"I've already tried doing it countless times," Kate says. "It doesn't work."

"Then try harder!" Arraka says. "Or ask someone, for crying out loud! You have two other elementalists in your team aside from you, and one of them happens to be an ethereal. Do you have any idea how many perks you get just from being an ethereal? This girl can learn in one day what it would take a normal mage years to master. Surely there is at least something she can tell you to get you on the right track. I think she's asleep right now, though, so we probably won't be able to confirm that until tomorrow."


[12] "Good," Arraka says. "Well, I believe that should be all for now. If I remember anything else, I'll be sure to let you know tomorrow. Class dismissed. Go get some sleep."


[13] "Good," Arraka says. "Well, I believe that should be all for now. If I remember anything else, I'll be sure to let you know tomorrow. Hmm... actually now that I think about it, there WAS one last thing I wanted to discuss tonight. Hey, Rose, are you still there?"

There is no answer coming from my transceiver. After waiting for a few more seconds, Arraka calls out to her again, this time in a louder voice.

"Hey, ROSE!" Arraka shouts. "Are you still there or not?"

There is some more silence for a while, and then we hear the sound of hurried footsteps getting gradually louder as Rose gets back to her transceiver.

"Sorry!" Rose says. "Suzie couldn't sleep, so I went to get her some snacks from the pantry. Did I miss something important?"

"No, but there was something that I wanted to ask about your time powers," Arraka says. "Did Barry tell you what you need to do before the next God of Time ritual?"

"Oh, uh, yes!" Rose says. "He said that I need to make sure that the God of Time won't be able to steal my powers again. I've been working on it, but... umm..."

"You don't know where to begin with your training?" Arraka says.

"No, it's not that," Rose says. "I think I know what I need to do, but it's really hard to tell if I'm doing it right without some sort of way to test my results..."


[14] "The premonition came as a result of you having gained a better grasp over your time powers," Arraka says. "You're not going to be able to trigger these at will no matter how hard you try. Also, most of them should normally be about saving your own life, not somebody else's. I'm surprised that your first ever premonition was about saving Illuna. Or maybe it happened because you're the type who worries more about others than you worry about yourself? Hmm... Well, either way, you should definitely keep doing what you're doing. Hell, if you manage to keep up this pace, you might actually become more useful than all these losers combined. Even a so-called 'god' will have a hard time fighting when he's being constantly frozen in time. Which is pretty ironic for a self-proclaimed god of time, if you think about it."

"I... don't know if I would be able to constantly freeze him," Rose says. "Right now I can't even maintain the spell for more than thirty seconds without almost fainting."

"Yes, but when we'll be fighting Selkram, you'll be linked to the Magium, which means you'll have far more control," Arraka says. "And what you're doing now will definitely help during the ritual, so yeah, keep doing it. Just make sure to also do that other training we talked about."

"Alright, I will," Rose says. "Thank you for the advice."

"Okay, now we're really done for the day," Arraka says. "Class dismissed. Go get some sleep."


[15] "The premonition came as a result of you having gained a better grasp over your time powers," Arraka says. "You're not going to be able to trigger these at will no matter how hard you try. Also, most of them should normally be about saving your own life, not somebody else's. I'm surprised that your first ever premonition was about saving Illuna. Or maybe it happened because you're the type who worries more about others than you worry about yourself? Hmm... Well, either way, you should definitely keep doing what you're doing. Hell, if you manage to keep up this pace, you might actually become more useful than all these losers combined. Even a so-called 'god' will have a hard time fighting when he's being constantly frozen in time. Which is pretty ironic for a self-proclaimed god of time, if you think about it."

"I... don't know if I would be able to constantly freeze him," Rose says. "Like I said, right now I can't even maintain the spell for more than thirty seconds without almost fainting."

"Yes, but when we'll be fighting Selkram, you'll be linked to the Magium, which means you'll have far more control," Arraka says. "And what you're doing now will definitely help during the ritual, so yeah, keep doing it. Just make sure to also do that other training we talked about."

"Alright, I will," Rose says. "Thank you for the advice."

"Okay, now we're really done for the day," Arraka says. "Class dismissed. Go get some sleep."


[16] "In that case, I'll take the second shift," Kate says. "It's the least I could do to make up for all the trouble I caused everyone today."

"I'll take second shift as well," Leila writes, with a smile.

"Alright," I say. "Two shifts are enough for one night. Kate, Leila, we'll meet you in four hours. Let's go, Illuna."

"Hmm..." Melindra says in a slightly suspicious tone, as she watches me walking out of the room with Illuna.


[17] "I'm back!" Rose says after a bit more time passes.

Right after Rose announces her return, Illuna conjures a sandwich out of thin air and she begins to munch on it casually.

"Wow, you really did make a sandwich..." I say.

"Yes, I figured that if we are to reenact our previous night shift together, we may as well do it properly," Illuna says.

"Right," I say. "So, umm... these plants that are growing on the cavern walls are really interesting, huh? I wonder how long they've been here."

"Dear gods," Illuna says. "You're not actually going to start the conversation the same way you did last time, are you? I was only joking about the reenactment. There's no need to match all of your previous lines perfectly."

"Hey, I didn't match them 'perfectly'!" I say. "Last time I asked you about the weather, remember?"

"Very droll," Illuna says. "Well, if the underground plants are your main topic of interest, I'm sure that Rose would be more than happy to have this conversation with you, considering that she's a herbalist. I look forward to listening to your discussion while I continue to eat this sandwich."


[18] "Look," I say. "Obviously Flower's brain hasn't matured past the age of nine, and we can all see from her behavior that she's still a child at heart, but what I was trying to say is that she can also be serious and dependable when it counts. You're definitely not going to see any of us treating her like an adult just because she decided to start imitating Kate's demeanor, but we could still make a compromise and let her call herself a twenty-nine year old if it means so much to her. There's nothing wrong with that, is there?"

"Yes, there IS!" Illuna says. "We can't just let her live in an illusion because she can't bring herself to accept reality. This will only hurt her in the long run! The harsh truth is that no matter how much she wishes for it, she is never going to grow past the age of nine. She lost that chance the moment I invaded her body twenty years ago, and there is no way for me to undo the damage that has been done. The least I can do now is to help her come to terms with that fact, before she delves even further into her own delusions!"

"Hold on a minute, there..." I say. "Are you telling me that this is the real reason why you're doing this? Because you're feeling guilty?"  

"And what if I am?" Illuna says, as she frowns at me.


[19] "Well yeah, but when we do it, it's mostly just teasing," I say. "On the other hand, you've known her for twenty years, and you're still having these sorts of discussions with her. Don't you think that you're taking this issue a little bit too seriously? I mean, okay, obviously her brain hasn't matured past the age of nine, and you can see from her behavior that she's still a child at heart, but she can also be serious and dependable when it counts. You're definitely not going to see any of us treating her like an adult just because she decided to start imitating Kate's demeanor, but we could still make a compromise and let her call herself a twenty-nine year old if it's so important to her. There's nothing wrong with that, is there?"

"Yes, there IS!" Illuna says. "We can't just let her live in an illusion because she can't bring herself to accept reality. This will only hurt her in the long run! The harsh truth is that no matter how much she wishes for it, she is never going to grow past the age of nine. She lost that chance the moment I invaded her body twenty years ago, and there is no way for me to undo the damage that has been done. The least I can do now is to help her come to terms with that fact, before she delves even further into her own delusions!"

"Hold on a minute, there..." I say. "Are you telling me that this is the real reason why you're doing this? Because you're feeling guilty?"  

"And what if I am?" Illuna says, as she frowns at me.


[20] Rose lets out a soft giggle.

"I almost forgot how much I missed Illuna and her usual grumpiness!" she says. "I really hope the two of them can resolve their argument soon."

"So do I," I say.

As we wait for Flower to wake up, I hear Suzie's voice coming from the transceiver, although she is too far away from Rose for me to be able to figure out exactly what she is saying.

"Okay, Suzie, I'll be right over!" Rose says. "Barry, I'm sorry. I know I said I'd join you during the whole night shift, but Suzie is having some real trouble sleeping, and she asked me to go read her a bedtime story. Is it okay with you if I leave for the night?"

"Sure," I say. "It's not a problem."

"Thanks!" Rose says. "Good luck with Flower!"

I then hear her footsteps as she heads towards Suzie's room, and a few seconds later she closes the transceiver. In the meantime, Flower is apparently still sleeping. 


[21] "Of course you couldn't," Melindra says, as she reaches us. "I was suppressing my aura completely, and it's already difficult enough to sense the aura of a stillwater as it is. You would have needed to have a magical sense that is at least as good as mine to be able to detect me."

"Okay, but what were you doing there?" I say. "I thought you went out for a walk."

"I didn't go out for a walk..." Melindra says. "I figured that something was off when you offered to take a night shift with Illuna out of nowhere, so I wanted to see what was up! I wasn't really planning to intervene, but you forced my hand when you began your endless stuttering session from earlier! What happened, anyway? Why is it that you can talk so directly with Illuna, but not with Flower?"

"Well, uh... how should I put it?" I say. "Illuna gives me the impression that even if I say something really stupid, she won't let it affect her emotionally. Flower, on the other hand comes off as much more fragile, so I'm not sure what is and what isn't okay to say to her in a situation like this."

"She'll be fine!" Melindra says. "You don't need to treat her like she's some baby! Here, let me show you how to start a conversation. Flower... What Barry was trying to say earlier was that he wanted to have a talk with you about your recent fight with Illuna."

"What?" Flower asks, shocked. "But I didn't have a fight with Illuna!"


[22] "Because Petal is always so serious and so dependable, and I'm just... me," Flower says. "I don't want to be a disappointment to her. Every time when we talk about my age, I feel like she gets more and more disappointed for some reason. I think that she's finally beginning to get tired of my childish behavior after these past twenty years. That's why I'm trying to change. I just don't want to let her down anymore."

"That's not why Illuna is looking disappointed when you talk about your age!" I say. "It's because--"

I suddenly realize that I'm not sure if Illuna's confession from earlier was meant to be a secret or not. Would she be upset at me if I told Flower that she felt guilty about the fact that the girl can no longer age because of her? Maybe it would be better if I avoided telling her that for now.

"Look," I tell Flower. "We had a conversation about this with Illuna a few hours ago, before we woke you up the first time in the tunnels below the seredium tower, and she specifically said that she has no problem with your childish demeanor, and also that she sees no reason for you to change. Not only that, but she even went as far as saying that you are perfectly fine the way you are. Melindra was there too. She can confirm it."


[23] "Oh?" Melindra says, with a smirk. "Do you still not appreciate the magnificence of my rock collection, Barry? Then I guess I have no choice. Flower and I will just have to spend the entirety of this night shift explaining to you in great detail what makes these rocks so unique. I'll teach you everything I know, until you will become an expert in rocks of all shapes and sizes!"

"You are far too kind," I tell Melindra. "But there is no need to spend so much effort just for my sake."

"Oh, but I insist!" Melindra says, as she begins to take some more rocks out of her backpack. "Flower, would you mind moving just a little to the right? I'm trying to align these rocks perfectly so that I can properly highlight the best traits for each of them!"

For the next three hours or so, Melindra and Flower made sure to give me a complete rundown of every single characteristic that they would consider to be valuable for each individual type of rock, and they also showed me how these traits could blend together to bring even more 'value' to what many may consider to be just ordinary stones.

Obviously, even at the end of the night shift my original opinion remained largely unchanged, but at the very least I could now say that I understood what made the difference between an ordinary rock and a collectable rock in their eyes, so their hobby would no longer seem as incomprehensible and illogical as before. 

