
[1] 

[2] "Breynan," Kate says, with her eyebrows furrowed. "Did you--"

"I didn't lie to you, I swear!" Breynan tells Kate. "I haven't spoken a single word with the king about this!"

"You misunderstand me, Kate," the king says. "I did not order Breynan to do anything. He went with you of his own accord, and he was not acting as a spy on my behalf. What tipped me off, in fact, was your behavior towards me."

"My behavior?..." Kate says.

"Yes," the king says. "From our very first meeting, I could tell by the look in your eyes that you didn't trust me at all. This wouldn't have been a problem if the healer were your leader, but since he openly stated that you people generally like to take decisions as a group, my intuition told me that it would be highly unlikely for you to ever agree to work together with me and my men. That is why I told Breynan at the end of the meeting that he wouldn't be allowed to go talk to the Overseer. I knew very well that this would turn him against me, and that he would most likely end up joining you on your little quest if he saw you heading for the surface."

As I'm hearing the king's words, I suddenly remember that I noticed him taking a short glance towards Kate at the end of our first meeting with him, right before he told Breynan that he wouldn't be allowed to come with us to meet the Overseer. Did this guy seriously anticipate our actions before we even had a chance to make up our own minds about them?


[3] "So, what you are saying is that it is now your turn to backstab us?" Illuna asks the king.

"Good heavens, no!" the king of the underground says. "I'm not planning to do anything to you. Breynan might not be all that loyal to me, but he is most certainly loyal to the people of Ollendor, so I couldn't possibly imagine him still being on friendly terms with you if you had tried to hurt our people in any way. Given that he's not saying anything, I'm going to assume that at the very least you're not working against the interests of our people. That is good enough for me. After all, your healer friend has been working tirelessly to save my men's lives in the quarantine zone ever since he came here, so it would be an insult to him if I were to treat any of you as my enemies."

"Does this mean that you're not going to ask us what we discussed with the Overseer?" Kate says.

"Obviously I'm still going to ask you that question," the king says. "But you are free to not answer me if that is your decision. So... are you going to tell me what were the results of your negotiations with the Overseer or not?"


[4] "My king, is there anything I can help you with?" Breynan says.

"Well, you could begin by taking some of these reports off my hands," the king of the underground says, as he points at a man standing next to him who is holding a stack of papers. "Start with the ones at the bottom. Those should be easy enough for you to understand even without knowing the layout of the city by heart like I do. We need to evacuate as many people as we can by sunrise, so you'd better be ready for another sleepless night. We're going to be here for a while."

"I understand," Breynan says, and then he grabs a paper from the stack.

We leave the king and Breynan behind, and we begin heading for the tunnel leading towards our sleeping quarters. As we make our way across the waiting room, we walk past quite a few groups of refugees that are each being directed towards a different section of the rebel base by the king of the underground's men. It looks like they're having a bit of trouble finding enough room for all of these people, because they are sending a lot of them to the mess hall for the night, instead of the sleeping quarters.


[5] "My king, is there anything I can help you with?" Breynan says.

"Well, you could begin by taking some of these reports off my hands," the king of the underground says, as he points at a man standing next to him who is holding a stack of papers. "Start with the ones at the bottom. Those should be easy enough for you to understand even without knowing the layout of the city by heart like I do. We need to evacuate as many people as we can by sunrise, so you'd better be ready for another sleepless night. We're going to be here for a while."

"I understand," Breynan says, and then he grabs a paper from the stack.

We leave the king and Breynan behind, and we begin heading for the tunnel leading towards our sleeping quarters. As we make our way across the waiting room, we walk past quite a few groups of refugees that are each being directed towards a different section of the rebel base by the king of the underground's men. It looks like they're having a bit of trouble finding enough room for all of these people, because they are sending a lot of them to the mess hall for the night, instead of the sleeping quarters.

"For a moment there, I was afraid that you were going to tell the king about our... other negotiations with the Overseer," Kate tells me in a low voice, once we're far enough from the king of the underground.

"Hey, even I'm not that crazy!" I tell her.


[6] "Yes," Arraka says. "But only because the goblin managed to explain to Daren what I wanted from him, in simple enough terms that even someone like him could understand. Now he pretty much figured out the cause of the disease, so all he needs to do is go get the right tools for the job."

"Easier said than done," Daren says. "The tools themselves likely won't be a problem to obtain, but from what Kelrim told me, the shops around here are running quite low on medicinal herbs. There aren't many towns willing to do trading with a rogue city like this, and the medicinal herbs that I'm looking for apparently don't typically grow in the area surrounding Ollendor. We're going to need to try out a lot of shops until we find the ointments that I need, which is going to be a little difficult, given that we're wanted criminals in this city. And if what I heard about the lockdown is true, I have to wonder if the shop-owners are even allowed to sell their merchandise anymore."

"Maybe you could ask Rose for help with the medicinal herbs," Kate says. "With a little luck, she may know of some good substitutes that are more commonly found in herbal shops, so that you won't need to visit so many different vendors."

"That's not a bad idea," Daren says. "I'll make sure to have a discussion with her about this later."

"If you're going to shop for medicinal herbs, then I'll join you too," Kelrim, the goblin says. "I visit these shops often to get my own supplies, so I have a good idea of where it would be more likely to find what we need."


[7] "Yes," Arraka says. "But only because the goblin managed to explain to Daren what I wanted from him, in simple enough terms that even someone like him could understand. Now he pretty much figured out the cause of the disease, so all he needs to do is go get the right tools for the job."

"Easier said than done," Daren says. "The tools themselves likely won't be a problem to obtain, but from what Kelrim told me, the shops around here are running quite low on medicinal herbs. There aren't many towns willing to do trading with a rogue city like this, and the medicinal herbs that I'm looking for apparently don't typically grow in the area surrounding Ollendor. We're going to need to try out a lot of shops until we find the ointments that I need, which is going to be a little difficult, given that we're wanted criminals in this city. And if what I heard about the lockdown is true, I have to wonder if the shop-owners are even allowed to sell their merchandise anymore."

"If you're going to shop for medicinal herbs, then I'll join you too," Kelrim, the goblin says. "I visit these shops often to get my own supplies, so I have a good idea of where it would be more likely to find what we need."


[8] "So, I heard you guys went on an adventure without telling us!" Hadrik says in a loud voice with his usual grin, as he is getting closer to us. "Trying to keep all the fun for yourselves, aye?"

"Fun isn't... exactly how I'd describe it, but we'll tell you more when we get to our room," I tell him. "There's too much commotion here with all of the refugees going up and down these corridors."

"Well, I just went to our room earlier and it's as quiet as ever," Hadrik says. "But I suppose that's to be expected, since they made sure to give us the most isolated room in the whole sleeping quarters. I don't think they really want us mingling with the locals."

"I think so too," Daren says. "But it serves our interests just fine, so we can't complain. Do we make a right here, or?..."

"Yeah, we take the first corridor on the right, then we just keep going for a while and take the third corridor on the left."

"Right," Daren says. "Lead the way, then."

Just as we are about to enter the next corridor, we see Albert, the assassin, who is currently busy guiding a group of refugees to their rooms. Our eyes meet for a fraction of a second but then Albert quickly looks away from me, pretending that he never saw me.


[9] "We can't destroy the machine," Melindra says. "It needs to be deactivated from the control room. Have you not been paying attention?"

"Then I'll beat up everyone in that tower until they tell me where the control room is!" Hadrik says. "Someone has to know where it is!"

"You're not going to beat up anyone, you buffoon," Arraka says. "You'll be lucky if you'll even get to land one punch before being sent right back to your own continent by the tournament spell that is protecting the locals."

"Argh!" Hadrik says. "Then I'll just dodge their attacks and punch through all of the walls in the tower until I find where I need to go! We have to do something! Why isn't anyone else as angry as I am about this? I don't get it!"

"Are you asking me this, or...?" Arraka says.

"Calm down, Hadrik," Daren says. "Believe me, I'm just as upset about this as you are. But we can't deal with this on our own. Even if we were to somehow free the people from below that one tower, there are still three other towers in this city, and I'm willing to bet that the same type of stuff is happening over there too. If we just keep going from tower to tower, attacking everyone, eventually we're going to find ourselves fighting the whole army of Ollendor. We can't fight an entire kingdom by ourselves. The leadership of this city needs to change if we really want to free these people. And for this, we need allies. What did you guys think about the Overseer? Do you reckon he's going to be of any help to us?"


[10] "While it is reassuring that you're not doing things on a whim for once," Daren says, "would you by any chance also happen to have some concrete advice to give us? Or are you just going to keep hurling insults at us until we get better?"

"Oh, I'll give you some concrete advice, alright," Arraka says. "Hey, dwarf!  What the hell was up with that pathetic performance you showed us earlier today against that giant buddy of yours? All he had to do was say two words to you and he completely threw you off your game! Is that how much of a wuss you are? Are two meager words all it takes to turn you from a battle-hardened warrior into a clumsy tavern brawler? If I say those two words to you now, are you going to spend a whole day moping again? Well here, I'm going to say them! Dwarf village. Dwarf village. Dwarf village. Are you going to cry now, little giant?"

"Arraka," Daren says, with an angry look in his eyes. "If you say one more word, I'm going to--"


[11] "I use icicles because they are the most efficient," Kate says. "They have the longest range and they pack the most power. They're also hard to detect because most enemies don't expect me to conjure them so high up above unless they've already seen me use this attack once before. Given that it usually works, I don't see any reason why I should use something else."

"Why are you trying to dodge the main question?" Arraka says. "What I asked you first was why you are specifically avoiding casting freezing spells. I've seen you do this even in situations where it would have been more advantageous for you to use an ice beam instead of an icicle attack. You can't give me your efficiency excuse in these cases, so what is the real reason, then?"

Kate frowns at Arraka's amulet for a few seconds, but she eventually decides to answer the question.


[12] "Not really," Arraka says. "But at least it will be a good first step towards teaching her to be a bit more versatile with her spells. She can't just keep relying on the same long distance attack over and over. Maybe Flower can give her some ideas of what new spells she could come up with. I've noticed that the little girl can be pretty resourceful when it comes to this sort of stuff. Alright, so now that we've got that settled, the next thing we need to talk about is the captain of the royal guards. This one's going to be a bit tricky. Ideally, I'd like to teach you all how to counter that guy's aura manipulation technique, but I don't think I have enough time for it. With the way things are going right now, I wouldn't be surprised if you guys had a rematch with him as soon as tomorrow, so we're going to need a more immediate solution to this problem. In other words, the next time when that old guy shows up, I want you all to leave him to Daren."

"Me?..." Daren says, surprised.

"Yes, you!" Arraka says. "You said you finally understood what it means to untangle the flow of an aura, didn't you? Well, the same concept applies when an enemy tries to envelop you in his own aura so that he can push you to the ground. You just untangle his aura, and then you will be able to move freely through it. Obviously, since you're dealing with an enemy trying to attack you and not with a bunch of sick people in an infirmary, it's going to be a lot harder for you to pull it off, but if you actually put that enchanted sword of yours to good use, you should be able to handle it. You do understand how you would be able to untangle an aura by using your sword, right?"

"Yeah..." Daren says. "Yeah, I think I do."


[13] "Well..." Rose says. "I did finally manage to freeze time today after a lot of practice, but it was only for a little while, and I'm not sure how much control I have over it. Whenever I try to maintain full control over these powers, I get tired very easily and I feel like I'm close to fainting. I don't think I got to cast the spell more than three times, and at most I could hold it for thirty seconds."

"Thirty seconds?" Hadrik says, shocked. "That's amazing!"

"So you really can reliably cast a time-stopping spell," Arraka says, intrigued. "That is most definitely unexpected. Does this mean that you can already slow down time, then? What about reversing it?"

"Oh, no, I can't slow down or reverse time..." Rose says. "I only tried stopping time because this was the spell that I remembered being the least complicated to learn. I wouldn’t even dream of attempting to slow down time at my current level. As for time reversal... that is something that I couldn't do consciously even when I was linked to the Magium. I don't know how I managed to do it that time when you got out of the amulet. Oh, and the premonition just came to me without even having to do anything. I have no idea what triggered it."


[14] "Oh, no, I can't slow down or reverse time..." Rose says. "I only tried stopping time because this was the spell that I remembered being the least complicated to learn. I wouldn’t even dream of attempting to slow down time at my current level. As for time reversal... that is something that I couldn't do consciously even when I was linked to the Magium. I don't know how I managed to do it that time when you got out of the amulet. Oh, and the premonition just came to me without even having to do anything. I have no idea what triggered it."


[15] "Yes..." Kate says. "You're right. We can't afford to make any more mistakes like this after what happened today."

"Exactly," Melindra says. "And besides, Illuna would probably kill us herself if she had to come rescue us a second time in less than twenty-four hours because of our negligence."

"That is correct," Illuna says.

"Okay, okay, you're coming with me," Daren says. "Everyone can come if they want. Now let's get some sleep, alright? Tomorrow we'll have another long day ahead of us."

"Illuna and I will take first shift!" I say, as all the others were preparing to make their beds.

"First shift?..." Daren says. "Barry, this isn't the wilderness anymore."

"Actually, I also think that we should be doing night shifts," Illuna says. "I don't trust these rebels very much, and the way they isolated us from the rest of the sleeping quarters is a little suspicious to me. You never know who they might send to assassinate us in the middle of the night if we're not careful."


[16] "Should I take it that Rose is planning to keep us company for the night through the transceiver?" Illuna says, as soon as I take my transceiver away from my ear and raise the volume again.

"Yes, but I don't think she'll be with us for the whole duration of our shift," I say. "She will probably only join us a little in the beginning."

"Oh, good," Illuna says. "Then perhaps this time around I might actually get the opportunity to finish my sandwich."

"I wouldn't count on it!" I say, as we stop somewhere far enough from our room to not wake up our friends when we talk, but also close enough to be able to keep an eye on the entrance.

As we are seating ourselves on the floor, we see Melindra coming out of our room and heading towards us.

"Don't mind me!" Melindra says in a loud voice, as she approaches us. "I just wanted to go for a short walk through these tunnels before going to bed. I'll be out of your hair in a jiffy!"

She then walks past us and goes through a tunnel to the left, giving us one last wave before she disappears from our sight.


[17] "Well yeah, but when we do it, it's mostly just teasing," I say. "On the other hand, you've known her for twenty years, and you're still having these sorts of discussions with her. Don't you think that you're taking this issue a little bit too seriously?"

"Let me get this straight," Illuna says, as she puts her half-eaten sandwich on her lap. "You are trying to tell me that you all consider Flower to be a full-fledged twenty-nine year old adult, and that I'm the only one in this group who still considers her to have the mental maturity of a child? Rose, do you also think that Flower should be treated like a grown-up?"

"Uhm..." Rose says. "I'll admit that it's a bit hard to talk to her as if she were an adult when she often acts in a similar way to my little siblings. But it also feels a bit mean to treat her like a child, given how important it is for her to be taken seriously."


[18] "Okay, okay, I'll get to the point," I say. "The real reason why I volunteered us for this night shift was because I wanted to continue our earlier discussion about you and Flower."

"Not this again..." Illuna says. "I thought we were done with that topic."

"Well, not exactly," I say. "We still haven't addressed the main issue. Your whole argument with Flower began because she wants you to treat her as an adult, but you refuse to do it. That is also why she's trying to act all mature now, and why she started calling you Illuna instead of Petal. It's because she's trying to get you to acknowledge her as a twenty-nine year old. Why do you care so much if she chooses to consider herself an adult? Why not just let her call herself whatever she wants?"

"It's because she's not an adult!" Illuna says. "And the rest of you don't consider her to be a grown-up either! You've all called her a nine year old before!"


[19] "If it helps," Rose says, "I also agree with what Barry said about Flower. She doesn't seem like the type of person who would delude herself into believing things that are not true. I think you might be worrying a little too much."

"That is a possibility," Illuna says. "I will not deny it."

"Great!" I say. "I'm glad to see that we're making some progress!"

"Does this mean that you've accomplished your goal for the night?" Illuna says. "Can we finally end this conversation?"

"Not quite yet!" I say. "You see, the thing is that I also wanted to talk to Flower about all of this, and since she said that she would only be sleeping for an hour or two, I figured that I would get a chance to speak with her before this night shift is over!"

"Well then, here's an idea," Illuna says. "I'm fairly certain that it's already been an hour or more since Flower went to sleep, so I'll just wake her up and leave you with her while I'll go get some well-deserved sleep. Have fun."

"Hey, wait!" I call out to her, as the blue light in her eyes fades away. "I was thinking that maybe all four of us could have a talk and-- damn it, you're not listening anymore, are you?"


[20] "Great!" I say. "I'm glad to see that we're making some progress!"

"Does this mean that you've accomplished your goal for the night?" Illuna says. "Can we finally end this conversation?"

"Not quite yet!" I say. "You see, the thing is that I also wanted to talk to Flower about all of this, and since she said that she would only be sleeping for an hour or two, I figured that I would get a chance to speak with her before this night shift is over!"

"Well then, here's an idea," Illuna says. "I'm fairly certain that it's already been an hour or more since Flower went to sleep, so I'll just wake her up and leave you with her while I'll go get some well-deserved sleep. Have fun."

"Hey, wait!" I call out to her, as the blue light in her eyes fades away. "I was thinking that maybe all three of us could have a talk and-- damn it, you're not listening anymore, are you?"


[21] How am I supposed to initiate this conversation? I don't talk a lot with Flower in general, so I have no idea how she'd react if I were to bring up a serious topic like this out of the blue. Should I start with a subject matter that is completely unrelated and then slowly steer the discussion in the right direction? Would she even be willing to discuss her personal issues openly with me, like Illuna? How will I be able to get her to make up with Illuna when I can't even think of a way to begin the discussion properly?

"About..." I say once more, but this time in a weak and hesitant tone.

"Barry, are you okay?..." Flower says, looking a bit worried. "Your face is starting to get all sweaty."

"Uh, yeah, yeah, I'm fine," I say, as I wipe off the sweat from my forehead with my sleeve. "I was, uh... I was just going to talk to you about the... the... the weather is really nice this time of year, isn't it?"

"Oh, for crying out loud!" I hear Melindra shouting from the tunnel that she went in earlier.

"Melindra?..." Flower asks, now looking even more confused than before.

"Melindra?!" I ask, shocked, as I watch her stepping out of the corridor and then storming in our direction. "Have you been standing there the whole time? I couldn't sense your presence at all!"


[22] "Alright," Melindra says. "Flower, these rocks that you see in front of you are some of my most prized possessions. Out of my entire collection, these are probably my favorite ones. Do you like them?"

"Yes, I love them!" Flower says. "They're so beautiful!"

"And do you also like talking about my rock collection with me?" Melindra says.

"Of course!" Flower answers her.

As I hear them talking so passionately about the rocks, I try to lean closer to the stones on the ground, in order to get a better look at them. No matter how much I try to study them, however, I cannot find a single thing that would distinguish them from any random rock that you could pick up from a cave or from the bottom of a river.


[23] "Let me tell you a little secret," Melindra says. "An important part of being an adult is to no longer care if people call you a child or not. You are who you are, and that shouldn't change to fit other people's preconceived notions of what is and what isn't appropriate to do at your age. If people insist on considering a hobby like this childish, then let them. They're the ones missing out, not you."

"Yes, but..." Flower says in a more hesitant tone, but she does not continue her sentence and she falls silent for a few seconds, contemplating Melindra's words.

"You don't need to change who you are if you don't want to," Melindra tells Flower. "If you like the person that you already are, then stay that way. It's not worth making yourself feel miserable just to obtain some recognition from others."

"It's not about recognition, it's..." Flower says, and then she falls silent again for a few seconds.

"It's just that Petal is my best friend and...  I don't want to be a burden to her..." Flower says, as the look in her eyes is turning a little sad.

"Why do you think that you're being a burden to Illuna?" I ask her.


[24] "Okay..." Flower says. "I'll try to stop worrying about it. But I'll need some time to decide what to do about... the way I've been acting lately. I'm still a little confused about what it is that I want right now."

"Hey, we're not in a hurry," I say. "Take your time. Sort everything out. Just don't forget to do some of Arraka's training too when you're not too tired. After all, the God of Time isn't going to defeat himself."

"I'm honestly surprised that Arraka hasn't said anything this whole time," Melindra says. "I would have expected her to be more than happy to share some of her 'wisdom' with us while we were talking with Flower about her problems."

"I think Arraka is sleeping at the moment," Flower says, as she takes the amulet in her hand so she can have a closer look at it. "You can sort of tell by the feel of her aura."

"Arraka sleeps?" Melindra says, looking genuinely shocked. "Since when? I don't think I've ever seen her sleeping before!"

"She does sleep from time to time, but she usually only needs a few hours a week or less to be well-rested," Flower says. "It's just another one of the perks she gained after she absorbed all those thousands of souls in the magical plane. You know, aside from her overwhelming magical power and her near-immortality."


[25] "Him being strong does not mean that Arraka would gain any advantage by possessing him," Flower says. "What matters is how similar in nature the two souls are, not how powerful the host is. Even if Arraka were able to possess Tyrath, she probably wouldn't be able to gain more power than a regular mage when using his body. But I doubt that she would be able to possess him. Dragons are well known for being immune to mind-affecting spells, so I wouldn't be surprised if this would make them more resistant against being possessed as well. Also, the stronger someone is, the harder it would be to possess them or to absorb their soul, so I don't think that Arraka would have any chance to take control of Tyrath even if his guard were down."

"I see," I say.

"Hey, Flower," Melindra says. "Are you planning to do any training tonight?"

"I... think I'll pass for now!" Flower says. "I still feel a little tired after everything that happened yesterday..."

"Well, we still have a few hours to kill, so I guess we could play some cards for now," Melindra says. "And when we get bored of that, I could show you some more of my rocks! I actually got a few new ones while I was walking through these tunnels."

"Ugh..." I say. "Not the rocks again."


[26] "Hey, Flower," Melindra says. "Are you planning to do any training tonight?"

"I... think I'll pass for now!" Flower says. "I still feel a little tired after everything that happened yesterday..."

"Well, we still have a few hours to kill, so I guess we could play some cards for now," Melindra says. "And when we get bored of that, I could show you some more of my rocks! I actually got a few new ones while I was walking through these tunnels."

"Ugh..." I say. "Not the rocks again."


[27] 