
[1] 

[2] The dragon looks all around us, as if it were trying to find something, and then it shouts loudly, in the common tongue:

"Where is he?!"

Seeing that none of us are answering, the dragon asks us again, this time giving us a few more details.

"The stillwater! Where is he?! You reek of his stench. Where are you hiding him?"


[3] "Rose!" Kate yells at her. "Snap out of it! We'll need to be ready to get out of here as soon as Daren's barrier breaks. Do you hear me?!"

The dragon's flames have suddenly stopped. Looking up to see what happened, I am terrified to learn that the monster is now quickly diving towards us. Kate tries to make another wall of ice between us and the dragon, but it breaks through it in a second, and then clashes with Daren's magical barrier, shattering it in an instant. The dragon then grabs Daren in one of its claws, and soars back up into the sky. We can hear Daren's screams as the giant lizard tries to crush him. 


[4] "Rose!" Kate yells at her. "Snap out of it! We'll need to be ready to get out of here as soon as Daren's barrier breaks. Do you hear me?!"

The dragon's flames have suddenly stopped. Looking up to see what happened, I am terrified to learn that the monster is now quickly diving towards us. Kate tries to make another wall of ice between us and the dragon, but it breaks through it in a second, and then clashes with Daren's magical barrier, shattering it in an instant. The dragon then grabs Daren in one of its claws, and soars back up into the sky. We can hear Daren's screams as the giant lizard tries to crush him. 


[5] "Rose!" Kate yells at her. "Snap out of it! We'll need to be ready to get out of here as soon as Daren's barrier breaks. Do you hear me?!"

The dragon's flames have suddenly stopped. Looking up to see what happened, I am terrified to learn that the monster is now quickly diving towards us. Kate tries to make another wall of ice between us and the dragon, but it breaks through it in a second, and then clashes with Daren's magical barrier, shattering it in an instant. The dragon then grabs Daren in one of its claws, and soars back up into the sky. We can hear Daren's screams as the giant lizard tries to crush him. 


[6] "Seriously, now," I hear a familiar voice behind me. "How could I have let him win after saying a line like that?"

I quickly turn around and see Eiden standing behind me, with his eyes closed as usual and a smile on his face.

"I mean, I don't think I've even read a children's book where the main villain gloats to such an extent. It's embarrassing, really."

