
[1] 

[2] "Yeah," Arraka says, "but back when the fox and Eiden were still buddies, Tyrath would not dare to attack the fox, even when she left the sacred forests, because he knew that Eiden would immediately teleport to her aid, since he could sense them both from all the way across the continent."

"Wait," I say. "That's the only reason why the dragon hasn't attacked the fox while she was outside her sacred forests? Because of Eiden? Couldn't he just... send some of his elite squads to fight Eiden, and kill the fox while he was distracted, or something?"

"No," Melindra says. "Definitely not. Eiden would never get distracted from watching over the fox by a few mooks. She's much too important to him. If you wanted to distract Eiden from the fox, you'd need to bring a whole army to fight him. Or a god."

"Hold on a sec," Hadrik says. "Didn't the fox, the dragon and Eiden all have some pact which prevented them from fighting each other? Why would the dragon try to break that pact by killing the fox, when he'd know that it would lead to a direct confrontation with Eiden?"


[3] "You've been sharing quite a lot of things with us about Eiden's past today, Melindra..." Illuna says, all of a sudden. "May I ask to what do we owe this sudden change of heart on your part?"

"Well, since I am obviously Eiden's spy," Melindra says, with a sarcastic tone in her voice, "I can't just keep everything a secret from you. I need to reveal some sensitive information here and there, to make sure that you people actually start to trust me."

She then looks straight at Kate, with a mocking smile.

"Wouldn't you agree?" she asks her.

Kate frowns at her, but she doesn't say anything.

"Uh... maybe it's about time we changed the subject," Hadrik says, in an attempt to avoid another argument breaking out between Kate and Melindra. "Like for instance, did you guys also notice that we haven't really encountered a lot of animals while we've been walking through these forests? I would have expected these places to be teeming with wildlife, but we've mostly only run into monsters and other mages."


[4] "Wow, you really don't like gambling, do you?" Arraka says.

"Hold on, there's a forest fire?" Daren says, as he tries to look through the semi-transparent ice dome for traces of smoke. "How close is it to us? Is there any risk of the fire spreading any more than it already has?"

"Well," Arraka says, "it's barely raining anymore, the lightning hasn't stopped yet, and the wind is still blowing hard, so I'd say that's all the conditions you need for the fire to keep spreading. But judging by the direction in which the wind is blowing, I'd say it shouldn't reach us, unless the lightning will strike some tree right next to us or something."

"Oh," Daren says. "Well, in that case, we should be able to wait here until the storm ends."

"What do you mean?" Flower asks. "What about those animals trapped between the burning trees? We have to help them!"

"Why would we risk our lives to help some animals?" Daren says. "They're the fox's problems, not ours."

"I agree with Daren," Kate says. "We shouldn't be taking any unnecessary risks in a situation like this."
 
"I can't believe you guys!" Flower says. "Well, Petal and I are going. Even without your help!"


[5] "You guys sure we shouldn't go after them?..." Hadrik asks us.

"Flower and Illuna have survived for the past twenty years by relying only on each other," Kate says. "They shouldn't have any trouble handling themselves against a mere forest fire."

"I guess..." Hadrik says.

"If they don't come back in twenty minutes, we'll go after them," Daren says. "But I hope there won't be any need for that..."

Despite us all agreeing to wait inside the dome for Flower's return, it was clear that we were becoming more restless, with each passing minute. Ten minutes later, when we were almost beginning to consider whether we should leave early in search for Flower, we finally see Flower and Melindra coming out of the forest, alive and well.

"You can come out of the dome, now!" Flower shouts at us. "The storm is almost over."

"Oh, good, you're both unharmed," Daren says, as the ice dome gets dismissed, and he gets to have a good look at the two of them. "I was getting worried that I might have to heal some serious burn wounds, with how long you took to come back. Did you find who you were looking for?"

"Yes," Flower says. "The animals are all safe. We can be on our way, now."

"Alright," Daren says. "Let's get going, then. Preferably in a direction that leads us away from the forest fire."


[6] "Yes, you!" Flower says. "Now, come on! We have no time to waste!"

"Ugh, fine..." Melindra says, as she also walks out of Kate's ice dome, in order to follow Flower. "Let's go save some animals, I guess..."

"Damn it!" Daren says, as Kate is slowly closing up the hole in her dome. "Watch out for lightning! And for flaming branches falling from the trees!"

"Yeah, yeah, we'll be careful," I tell Daren, and then we all head towards the black smoke coming out of the burning trees in the distance.

We run in the same direction for about a minute, with Flower leading the way. The downpour of rain from before has turned into a drizzle while we were inside the dome, but the wind is still as powerful as ever. At the speed we're currently going, we're probably going to make it to the flaming trees in less than a minute.

"I'm surprised that you came with us," I tell Melindra, as we run side by side behind Flower. "I was under the impression that you didn't really like the golden fox and her animals."

"I don't care about the animals," Melindra says. "I only came because Flower asked me to."

"I see..." I say.


[7] "Melindra?..." Flower asks again, in a lower voice.

"She's probably thinking that she'll need a big blast of air to clear out this whole area of smoke," I tell Flower. "Come over here. We should give her some space."

"Oh, okay..." Flower says, as she starts to follow me.

When Melindra understands what I'm doing, she gives me a curt nod, and then she prepares to cast her spell. Once Flower and I are far enough, Melindra unleashes a very powerful blast of air that scatters away all of the smoke, giving us a clear view of the flaming forest ahead of us. As soon as she gets within range, Illuna shoots a very powerful jet of water out of her hands, and she uses it to extinguish the flames from the trees in front of us, one by one.

"The fires are out," Flower says. "Let's move!"

After we move past the flaming trees, it does not take us long until we manage to find the three animals, by detecting their auras. As soon as we reach them, the two wolves both turn to face us, while growling and baring their fangs at us menacingly, and the bear is raising himself upright on his hind legs, in order to look more intimidating.


[8] We do as Flower says, and wait for a while, until the wolves and the bear go past the burning trees. Once we can no longer see them, we make our way out as well, and we head back towards our friends. While we walk back towards the dome, we notice that the storm is slowly coming to a halt, although the sky is not quite clear of dark clouds just yet. The wind is much more bearable right now, and the lightning has almost stopped. A few minutes later, we finally reach our teammates, who were all waiting impatiently for us inside the ice dome.

"You can come out of the dome, now!" Flower shouts at them. "The storm is almost over."

"Oh, good, you're all unharmed," Daren says, as the ice dome gets dismissed, and he gets to have a good look at the three of us. "I was getting worried that I might have to heal some serious burn wounds, with how long you took to come back. Did you find who you were looking for?"

"Yes," Flower says. "The animals are all safe. We can be on our way, now."

"Alright," Daren says. "Let's get going, then. Preferably in a direction that leads us away from the forest fire."


[9] "Wow, I didn't know that you spoke the language of the animals so well, Barry!" Flower says, as the three animals all head towards the exit. "I only managed to understand certain parts of what you said. What was that mission that the wolf was speaking of, earlier?"

"The fox sent them to investigate that hidden spell of Eiden's that we found this morning," I say. "I told them where they could find it, and so they went to look for it."

"Oh, I see..." Flower says. "Alright, well, let's leave them a little time to get out of here, and then we can go back to Kate's ice dome."

We do as Flower says, and wait for a while, until the wolves and the bear go past the burning trees. Once we can no longer see them, we make our way out as well, and we head back towards our friends. While we walk back towards the dome, we notice that the storm is slowly coming to a halt, although the sky is not quite clear of dark clouds just yet. The wind is much more bearable right now, and the lightning has almost stopped. A few minutes later, we finally reach our teammates, who were all waiting impatiently for us inside the ice dome.


[10] "Wow, I didn't know that you spoke the language of the animals so well, Barry!" Flower says, as the three animals all head towards the exit. "I only managed to understand certain parts of what you said. What was that mission that the wolf was speaking of, earlier?"

"The fox sent them to investigate that hidden spell of Eiden's that we found this morning," I say. "I didn't really feel like telling them about it, so I said that we never found anything of the sort."

"Oh, I see..." Flower says. "Alright, well, let's leave them a little time to get out of here, and then we can go back to Kate's ice dome."

We do as Flower says, and wait for a while, until the wolves and the bear go past the burning trees. Once we can no longer see them, we make our way out as well, and we head back towards our friends. While we walk back towards the dome, we notice that the storm is slowly coming to a halt, although the sky is not quite clear of dark clouds just yet. The wind is much more bearable right now, and the lightning has almost stopped. A few minutes later, we finally reach our teammates, who were all waiting impatiently for us inside the ice dome.


[11] It was pretty obvious what he was trying to do. His true purpose was likely to create a scenario in which Kate and Melindra would be forced to interact with each other, in the hopes that they would start to get along better. Everyone probably knew this fact as well as I did, but Hadrik is pretty hard to refuse once he sets his mind to do something, so they all had to reluctantly agree to join his game, eventually.

After about fifteen minutes of sitting on the grass, reading from my notebook, I suddenly see a blue message floating in front of my eyes.

"Still busy with your notebook?" Leila writes.

"Yeah," I say, as I raise my eyes to look at her. "Those loopholes aren't going to find themselves. Weren't you playing Hadrik's card game just now?"

"I was," Leila writes, "but the game requires us to call out the names of the cards as fast as we can, and my written messages don't form themselves instantly, so I had too much of a disadvantage, compared to the others. May I have a seat?" 

"Of course," I tell her, as Leila sits herself on the grass, next to me.


[12] "Do what?" I say.

"Become a part of your group..." Leila writes.

"What are you talking about?" I say. "You're already a part of our group!"

Leila shakes her head.

"Only temporarily," Leila writes. "Once you'll all be done with your business in Ollendor, I will stay behind with my father, and the rest of you will be leaving the city, to go on your next adventure."

"Yes, but it's not like we'll be doing this forever, either," I say. "Eventually, the tournament will be over, and our group will disband, but that doesn't mean that we won't be meeting each other again, later. And when we do, you'll be welcome to join us."

"I'm... not sure how easy it will be for us to meet again, after you leave Varathia," Leila writes.

"Well, I heard that citizens of Varathia can invite outsiders," I say, "so I don't think it should be that much of a problem, if you write an official invitation for us."


[13] "It appears that my talents are needed elsewhere," Leila writes to me, as she gets up from the grass. "Good luck with your notebook, Barry. It was fun chatting with you!"

"Likewise," I say. "Make sure to work hard, so you can earn your permanent group membership!"

"I will," Leila writes to me.

She then turns away from me, and she starts heading towards the others.

"I'm coming!" she writes in big blue letters, as she hurries to join the card game once more.


[14] "What do you want?" I say.

"So you can hear me, then," the revenant says. "Good. Make sure to leave this channel open. I will be contacting you again soon. Don't try to call me. I will be keeping this channel closed on my side until I'll have a reason to call you. Goodbye."

"Damn it, wait!" I say, but it's no use trying to contact her anymore.

The channel of communication on her side is now closed.


[15] "What do you want?" I say.

"So you can hear me, then," the revenant says. "Good. Make sure to leave this channel open. I will be contacting you again soon. Don't try to call me. I will be keeping this channel closed on my side until I'll have a reason to call you. Goodbye."

"Damn it, wait!" I say, but it's no use trying to contact her anymore.

The channel of communication on her side is now closed.


[16] "I'm... not sure how to explain..." Rose says. "Something happened a few minutes ago... And it was really scary. I was just walking around the house, when I noticed that everything around me was completely frozen. I tried calling out to my siblings, but they wouldn't answer, they wouldn't breathe, they were just standing there, looking straight ahead, while even the leaves falling from the trees were floating in mid-air, completely frozen. And there was nothing I could do. The time eventually got unfrozen by itself, but I have no idea why, and no idea if this might happen again. I can only assume that I somehow activated my time powers by mistake, but I had absolutely no control over them. I'm really scared that the next time this happens, I might not be able to undo the spell, and I'll just get trapped like this forever, in a world where everyone is frozen in time, except for me..."

"Oh, I wouldn't worry too much about that," Melindra says, all of a sudden.

"What?..." Daren says. "What do you mean? Why shouldn't she?"

"Because no time-freezing spell lasts forever," Melindra says. "No matter how long it takes, the spell would still need to end at some point. But if you don't feel like waiting, and you don't have any direct way of cancelling the spell, you could always try to physically interact with some of the people who are frozen in time. There is one thing that all of the time-freezing spells have in common, and it's that you can't physically interact with any living beings that are frozen in time without triggering the cancellation of your spell."


[17] "Melindra spent the night in Barry's tent, yesterday," Kate says, in a cold voice. "They both used an energizer spell, but Barry never used one before, so he is experiencing some fatigue-induced headaches and nausea."

"Oh..." Rose says. "I see..."

"So, uh..." Hadrik says, trying to change the subject. "How are things going in Thilias?"


[18] "Melindra spent the night in Barry's tent, yesterday," Kate says, in a cold voice. "They both used an energizer spell, but Barry never used one before, so he is experiencing some fatigue-induced headaches and nausea. I think you can imagine what they used the energizer spell for."

"Yes... I understand..." Rose says, trying to appear calm, although it was clear from her tone of voice that she was deeply disappointed.

"I'm sorry," Kate says.

"There is no reason to be sorry," Rose says. "What happened between me and Barry was only for one night. There were no commitments. Right, Barry?..."

The tone of her voice when she addressed me sounded almost as if she was pleading me to let this go. Any excuses that I might try at this point would probably only make things worse. Maybe it really is time to let it go.

"Yes..." I tell her. "You're right."

After I finish my sentence, there is a long pause, during which none of us says anything.

"So, uh..." Hadrik says, trying to change the subject. "How are things going in Thilias?"


[19] "There's also the fact that his stock of creatures got completely depleted after the last event," Daren says, "so he probably didn't want to deal with the hassle of procuring new creatures all over again. I'm guessing that there will be a long break before Thilias will have another arena event."

"The events involving creatures have been suspended for an indefinite period of time," Rose says, "but the gladiatorial fights will go on, as scheduled. I'm not sure how many people will still be attending the events when they'll find out that there will be no more creatures, though..."


[20] "That's terrible!" Rose says. "But why would he choose to help you, when he knew what risks he would be taking?"

"He said that he didn't care what happened to him afterwards," I say. "He wanted to make sure that this one arena event was perfect, and he wasn't going to let anyone ruin it. Not even the lessathi."

"I see..." Rose says.


[21] "If that is the case, then maybe they were also the ones who killed mister Venard..." Rose says.

"The arena owner?" Daren says. "Did he get murdered too?"

"Yes," Rose says. "We were announced today of his assassination, shortly before we were told about the king's death. There are many rumors about who killed him, but none of them seem credible. The town guards said that they were still trying to find the killer."

"They'll never find him," I say. "I'm certain that it was the lessathi who killed him. The owner told me and Leila that he disobeyed a direct order from them, in order to help us in the arena, and I don't think that the lessathi take kindly to insubordination. Venard said that he didn't care what would happen to him, as long as this arena event turned out perfect. He said that he wasn't going to let anyone ruin it. Not even the lessathi."

"I see..." Rose says.


[22] "That's the one!" Hadrik says.

"Sure thing," I say. "Let's go for it."

We spend the next few minutes arranging the cards, and then we start to play the game. The rules are just as complicated as I remembered them to be. I don't really understand how this can be a game that's usually played in taverns. Normally, you'd think that after a certain point, the players would become too drunk to be able to play the game correctly. Or maybe that's supposed to be part of the game's charm. Who knows?

At any rate, there is at least one thing I know for sure, and it's the fact that I'm not very good at this game. Ever since we started playing, Hadrik has barely lost any hands, and my score is rather terrible. The good news, however, is that Hadrik eventually got bored of waiting to lose a hand in order to take a sip from his bottle, and he began to drink at random time intervals. The drunker he got, the less attention he started paying to his hands, and this has led to a somewhat more even matchup between us, although, with the number of times I've had to drink from the ale bottle, it was getting a bit difficult for me to concentrate as well, even if I've only been taking small sips, in order to avoid getting too drunk.

"So, Barry," Hadrik says, as he places a card on the ground, facing up. "I've been meaning to ask... What is your opinion on Melindra so far? You've had that little episode with her in your tent, and aside from Flower, you seem to be the only other person that she's talked with, in private. Be honest, do you think that she'll ever manage to fit in the group?"


[23] "That's the one!" Hadrik says.

"Sure thing," I say. "Let's go for it."

We spend the next few minutes arranging the cards, and then we start to play the game. The rules are just as complicated as I remembered them to be. I don't really understand how this can be a game that's usually played in taverns. Normally, you'd think that after a certain point, the players would become too drunk to be able to play the game correctly. Or maybe that's supposed to be part of the game's charm. Who knows?

At any rate, there is at least one thing I know for sure, and it's the fact that I'm not very good at this game. Ever since we started playing, Hadrik has barely lost any hands, and my score is rather terrible. The good news, however, is that Hadrik eventually got bored of waiting to lose a hand in order to take a sip from his bottle, and he began to drink at random time intervals. The drunker he got, the less attention he started paying to his hands, and this has led to a somewhat more even matchup between us, even though I still needed to win quite a few hands, if I wanted to catch up to his score.

"So, Barry," Hadrik says, as he places a card on the ground, facing up. "I've been meaning to ask... What is your opinion on Melindra so far? You've had that little episode with her in your tent, and aside from Flower, you seem to be the only other person that she's talked with, in private. Be honest, do you think that she'll ever manage to fit in the group?"


[24] He then looks at his cards, and he gets a confident grin on his face, as he places one of his cards on the ground, facing down. Now, the rules of this game state that you can interrupt any round, at any moment, to ask your adversary to turn all his cards face up. In case his card is bad, his round would be immediately forfeited, and I would gain five times more points than I would have gained, if I waited for the round to be over. However, if I do this, and the card facing down was actually a good card, I would be losing five times the points that I'd lose normally. 

So, the question here is... Did he place down a good card? Or a bad card?


[25] He then looks at his cards, and he gets a confident grin on his face, as he places one of his cards on the ground, facing down. Now, the rules of this game state that you can interrupt any round, at any moment, to ask your adversary to turn all his cards face up. In case his card is bad, his round would be immediately forfeited, and I would gain five times more points than I would have gained, if I waited for the round to be over. However, if I do this, and the card facing down was actually a good card, I would be losing five times the points that I'd lose normally. 

So, the question here is... Did he place down a good card? Or a bad card?


[26] He then looks at his cards, and he gets a confident grin on his face, as he places one of his cards on the ground, facing down. Now, the rules of this game state that you can interrupt any round, at any moment, to ask your adversary to turn all his cards face up. In case his card is bad, his round would be immediately forfeited, and I would gain five times more points than I would have gained, if I waited for the round to be over. However, if I do this, and the card facing down was actually a good card, I would be losing five times the points that I'd lose normally. 

So, the question here is... Did he place down a good card? Or a bad card?


[27] "But how are we going to convince them to get along with Melindra otherwise?" Hadrik says.

"I don't know," I say. "But it most certainly won't be through talking. Let's be serious, here. If simply having a conversation would have been enough to get this whole situation fixed, we wouldn't be where we are now. It's through her actions that Melindra needs to earn the team's trust, not through words. I doubt that anything you and I could say at this point would make much of a difference."

As I finish talking, I take a look towards the cards that I have on the ground, and I suddenly realize that the round was already over, and that I had won it by a fair margin. In fact, the points that I gained in this round were just enough to win me the whole game.

Huh... Well, I guess there's a first time for everything.

"Congratulations on winning a Met-Zek match for the first time, Barry!" Hadrik says, as I can see the sun slowly rising behind him. "Now, I think we should be taking a bit of a break, in order to greet our new guest properly. He will be reaching us shortly."


[28] "But how are we going to convince them to get along with Melindra otherwise?" Hadrik says.

"I don't know," I say. "But it most certainly won't be through talking. Let's be serious, here. If simply having a conversation would have been enough to get this whole situation fixed, we wouldn't be where we are now. It's through her actions that Melindra needs to earn the team's trust, not through words. I doubt that anything you and I could say at this point would make much of a difference."

As I finish talking, I take a look towards the cards that I have on the ground, and I suddenly realize that the round was already over, and that I had won it by a fair margin. 

"Congratulations on winning the round, Barry!" Hadrik says, as I can see the sun slowly rising behind him. "Now, I think we should be taking a bit of a break, in order to greet our new guest properly. He will be reaching us shortly."


[29] "I think you already know the answer to that question," Hadrik says. "But before we let you go any further, I'm afraid that you're first going to have to introduce yourself. Tell us... who are you and how do you know Daren?"

"I am surprised that Daren hasn't told you about me," the man says. "We've known each other for a long time. We are very old friends."

"That still doesn't answer the question," Hadrik says.

The man smiles.

"Very well," he says. "In that case, I will introduce myself. My name is Nolderan. I am an ex-sage, a renowned enchanter, and a martial arts master. And also, I am the man who gave Daren his scar."

