
[1] 

[2] "Because it would be too good of an opportunity to pass up!" Arraka says. "And one of the main reasons why the dragon agreed to make this pact in the first place was because he knew that Eiden and the fox were allies, and he didn't want to risk fighting them both at once. Starting a fight with Eiden would be a small price to pay for ridding himself of the fox, especially since he is under the delusion that he could defeat Eiden without destroying the whole continent in the process, if he tried hard enough."

"And you don't think he could?" Daren asks.

"Of course he couldn't," Arraka says. "Tyrath would not stand a chance against Eiden if he went all out. Do you remember when Eiden revealed his aura in the arena, and I said that he was finally getting a little bit serious? Well, I wasn't joking that time. Eiden is much more powerful than he lets on. I would know. I fought him in the still winter. He could probably fight the dragon on equal terms even without his tricks. But with his tricks? He would probably destroy him without blinking."


[3] "You can come out of the dome, now!" Flower shouts at them. "The storm is almost over."

"Oh, good, you're all unharmed," Daren says, as the ice dome gets dismissed, and he gets to have a good look at the three of us. "I was getting worried that I might have to heal some serious burn wounds, with how long you took to come back. Did you find who you were looking for?"

"Yes," Flower says. "The animals are all safe. We can be on our way, now."

"Alright," Daren says. "Let's get going, then. Preferably in a direction that leads us away from the forest fire."


[4] "You can come out of the dome, now!" Flower shouts at them. "The storm is almost over."

"Oh, good, you're all unharmed," Daren says, as the ice dome gets dismissed, and he gets to have a good look at the three of us. "I was getting worried that I might have to heal some serious burn wounds, with how long you took to come back. Did you find who you were looking for?"

"Yes," Flower says. "The animals are all safe. We can be on our way, now."

"Alright," Daren says. "Let's get going, then. Preferably in a direction that leads us away from the forest fire."


[5] For the next twenty minutes or so, I focus only on my notebook, trying to ignore the sounds in the background made by Hadrik and the others while playing their game. Unfortunately, simply focusing very hard is not enough for me to make another major breakthrough. Maybe I'm going to need to start taking a different approach than simply going through all of the information that I have available and hoping that I'll figure something out eventually. But what other approach is there?...

As I sit there and think, I start to get a powerful headache and a feeling of nausea, which completely disrupt my concentration. It seems that the second energizer spell has also run out. Well, I guess there's no use in trying to do any more studying at this point. I may as well lie down on my back and try to avoid thinking about the pain and the fatigue as much as possible.

After about ten minutes of lying on my back, I suddenly hear a familiar voice, speaking loudly through my transceiver.


[6] For the next thirty minutes or so, I focus only on my notebook, trying to ignore the sounds in the background made by Hadrik and the others while playing their game. Unfortunately, simply focusing very hard is not enough for me to make another major breakthrough. Maybe I'm going to need to start taking a different approach than simply going through all of the information that I have available and hoping that I'll figure something out eventually. But what other approach is there?...

As I sit there and think, I suddenly hear a familiar voice, speaking loudly through my transceiver.


[7] "That's..." Rose starts to say, but she interrupts herself. "Thank you! I will try that the next time I trigger a time freezing spell by accident."

"Tell me..." Melindra says. "You wouldn't by any chance happen to be a time weaver, would you?"

"I am..." Rose says. "Or at least that is what Eiden said I was when he first saw me."

"Oh?" Melindra says. "How interesting..."

"Should we take it that you've met a time weaver before, Melindra?" Daren asks.

"I did," Melindra says. "But it was during the still winter. And like I said--"

"Yeah, yeah," Daren interrupts her. "You told Eiden that you wouldn't talk to anyone about the still winter, for whatever reason. We get it."


[8] "Rooooose!" we hear Suzie's voice coming from the transceiver. "Kevin is being mean to me again!"

"I'll be right there, Suzie!" Rose shouts.

She then goes back to addressing us.

"Sorry, I need to leave you for now," Rose says. "We'll talk again some other time. Thanks for the help!"

We all say our goodbyes to Rose, and then she closes the transceiver, in order to go deal with her siblings.

"So, are we going to get back to our game, then?" Hadrik asks.

"I say we finish the round we were playing before we got interrupted and then call it a day," Daren says. "I want to make sure that I get some sleep before some new storm comes out of nowhere to wake us up."

