
[1] 

[2] "Wait, who's there?" he says, as he turns towards me.

I quickly pull my head back behind the tree, and press my back against it, trying to breathe as silently as possible.

"I know you're there, coward. Show yourself, or I'll have one of my knives find you!"


[3] "How can you be so sure?"

"Because I've met a banshee before. Up close. Have you met a banshee before, Daren?"

"...No," he admits.

"You just said you trusted me enough to tell me your greatest weakness. I'm asking you to trust me on this too. Can you trust me on this, Daren?" 

Daren gives me one long look, and then he sighs deeply. 

"Alright. We'll do it your way. But I'm keeping an eye on her. I swear, Barry, if it turns out you're only saying all of this because of her looks, I'm going to---"

"Would you guys mind telling me what you've been whispering about for the past minute?" the woman asks us.


[4] "My sons and I were a little worried at first! We were afraid we might not be ready for the big leagues. But here we are!" the bearded mage exclaims as he raises his hands and takes a victorious stance. "But enough talk! We all know what's coming!"

"Barry, get behind me!" Daren shouts as he rushes in front of me.

"First rule of combat," says the bearded mage.

Suddenly, one of the two younger mages that were standing next to the mage with the battleaxe vanishes and appears right behind me, with a dagger in his hand.

"Always kill the weakest enemies first," the bearded mage continues.  


[5] He grins.

"My sons and I were a little worried at first! We were afraid we might not be ready for the big leagues. But here we are!" the bearded mage exclaims as he raises his hands and takes a victorious stance. "But enough talk! We all know what's coming!"

"First rule of combat," says the bearded mage.

Suddenly, one of the two younger mages that were standing next to the mage with the battleaxe vanishes and appears right behind me, with a dagger in his hand.

"Always kill the weakest enemies first," the bearded mage continues.  

