
[1] 

[2] For once, everyone agreed with Wilhelm, even if some did so more begrudgingly than others, and we decided to spend the rest of the recreation period discussing various strategies that could work against the monsters that we knew about, but also against other monsters that I've read about in my notes. We even agreed to have a second meeting later, after we'd spend some time alone in our rooms, mulling over the information that we had at our disposal.


[3] "Of course," the announcer continues, "this does not mean that gladiators will now be exempt from breaking the general rules of the arena. If a gladiator is caught using magic, if they try to kill their teammates, or if they attack any of the spectators, they will be executed on the spot. The undesirable rule only applies for the rules of the actual event. Moving on, the traditional rules of the arena state that the arena events must be divided into exactly three rounds. The first round, as I'm sure you've already been told, will be fought against a variety of mythical creatures that have never been used before in this arena. We do have a surprise for the second round, however. For this special occasion, instead of our reigning champion, I think you will be happy to learn that the warrior who will be joining us is none other than the relentless mercenary Velgos!"


[4] Now that Arraka mentions it, I see that there are indeed spears and various other weapons mounted on the walls of the arena. They must have been placed there to give people who didn't have any weapons when they got captured an equal chance in the fighting event. Hadrik mumbles something under his breath, and he goes to get one of the spears. He then tosses it at one of the manticores, and the spear lodges itself into its chest, causing blood to spray out while the creature falls towards the ground. Before the creature reaches the soil, the dwarf grabs two more spears, and he throws them in quick succession towards two of the other manticores, killing them as well.


[5] "Gods be damned," I hear Bruce shout behind me. "Why won't you listen to me? We're not going to stand a chance in the arena if we don't get our act together!"

"You don't need to be so negative, Bruce," Wilhelm says, with a calm tone. "I'm sure that we'll handle ourselves one way or another. The important thing is that we had that discussion yesterday about the creatures' weaknesses. As long as survival is the primary goal in all of our minds, we'll surely put that information to the best of uses."


[6] "Ladies and gentlemen, I give you the fourth division!" the announcer says.

The crowd watches us in complete silence, as we make our way past all the animal carcasses, in order to reach our destination. It's clear that they do not recognize anyone from our division. They're probably already thinking that we're going to get butchered, like that first division from earlier. I hope we won't end up proving them right.

