
[1] 

[2] "We should get changed," I say, as I take my room's key out of my pocket, and go to open the door. "I also want to take a look through my notebook, to see if I can find any useful information on the creatures we've seen in the caverns. I'll see you in a few hours, to tell you what I found."

Leila nods.

"See you later," Leila writes, and she exits my room, heading towards her own.

The first thing I do after she leaves is to search my backpack for a dry shirt and a new pair of pants.


[3] The mage is looking at us with a somewhat frightened look, while a trickle of sweat is running down his forehead, and he appears to be hiding something behind his back. 

"Sorry to bother you," I tell the mage. "We went out for a swim and we got lost on our way back. We'll be out of your hair as soon as you unlock that door for us."

"Out for a swim?" the mage asks, shocked. "You were trying to escape, weren't you? Give me one good reason why I shouldn't call the guards right now, and tell them what you were doing."


[4] "No," Leila writes. "This is a device that's meant to enhance your physical abilities for a limited amount of time. And that thing you are hiding behind your back is likely meant to act as a bridge between you and your scrap metal device, allowing you to transfer your magical energy into it over a period of time."

"How did you--" the mage starts to say, but he stops when he sees a new text appear in front of him.

"You can't use this device in the arena," Leila writes, "It will be detected immediately. If you don't get it to somehow link itself directly to your magical aura, the magical energy that will burst from the device when you activate it will trigger all the magical detectors in a five mile radius. Either way, even if you do somehow get it to work, the device is so poorly made that you won't be able to use it for more than a few minutes, even if you spend the whole day charging it."

"A few minutes is more than enough in an arena!" the mage shouts. "A few minutes can mean the difference between life and death! You don't know how terrifying an arena can be! You have no idea! If I can get even the slightest advantage out of this device, then I will use it gladly!"


[5] "Do you think he'll be able to modify the device in time for the arena?" I ask her.

"It's possible," Leila writes. "But he'll need to do it fast. He won't be able to charge it with energy while he's tinkering with it, and he'll need to charge it for at least ten hours to get any decent use out of it, given how inefficient it is."

"We should go get changed," I say. "I also want to take a look through my notebook, to see if I can find any useful information on the creatures we've seen in the caverns. I'll see you in a few hours, to tell you what I found."

Leila nods.

"See you later," Leila writes, and she heads towards her room.

I go back to my own room as well, and the first thing I do after I enter it is to search my backpack for a dry shirt and a new pair of pants. 


[6] "Hey, Kate," I say. "Do you remember having met a young lessathi girl with silver hair who couldn't talk, back when you were at the Beacon of Hope? Or maybe she had black hair back then, I'm not sure."

There's a brief pause after I finish my phrase, during which I can't even hear the sound of Kate's breathing.

"How do you know about Leila?" Kate asks me, after a few seconds.

"So you do remember her!" I say. "Were the two of you on good terms, or..."

"Tell me how you know about her!" Kate shouts.

"Okay, okay!" I say. "I met her the other day. She is a member of my division. She's still alive."

There's another brief pause during which Kate doesn't say anything.

"You are certain of this?" Kate says. "How do you know it's really her? She might be trying to trick you. Anyone can dye their hair white and pretend that they're not able to speak. The Leila I know should have been dead for a long time."


[7] "I don't have any change of clothes," Leila writes. "I wasn't carrying a backpack with me when I got captured."

"Well, why didn't you say something?" I say. "You could have asked me for some spare clothes until yours dried up!"

"I didn't want to be a bother," Leila writes.

"Wait a minute," I say. "If you don't have a backpack with you, then what about food? Don't tell me that you haven't eaten anything since you came here?"

"The guards have provided me with a minimum supply of food and water," Leila writes. "Just enough to get by. It's not a problem."

"Of course it's a problem," I say. "Wait here, I'm going to bring you a change of clothes and some food."

"No, you don't have to--" Leila starts to write, but I ignore her, and I go back to my room, in search for some clothes and some beef jerky from my backpack.

I then come back to Leila and I hand her a long sleeved shirt, a pair of pants, the jerky, and a bottle of water.

"Here you go," I tell Leila. "Now hurry up and get changed, will you? You wouldn't want to catch a cold right before the arena."

"Thank you..." Leila writes, as she takes what I've given her, and then closes the door, in order to get changed.


[8] "But the troll didn't regenerate his head," Leila writes. "The head kept talking from the ground, and the body had to pick it back up."

"You're right!" I say. "This means that the link between the body and the head is somehow not broken, even after the two of them get separated. Maybe we can use this. If the troll is still using its head to see and hear even after it's been severed from the body, then maybe we can cut his head off, pick it up, and then blindfold it, or something, leaving his body defenseless!"

"I don't think that the troll would leave himself open like that again, in the arena," Leila writes. "I used the element of surprise before, but now he knows how fast I am, and he won't let me cut his head off again so easily."

"Well, the only way you can kill a regular troll," I say, "is either by cutting its head off or by burning it alive. If cutting the head off is not an option, then the only alternative we have left is fire. That being said, getting access to any sort of flames will be next to impossible in the arena, and that troll is even wearing anti-magic armor, which gives him protection to fire. Even if we somehow manage to find a way to burn him, we'd first have to damage his armor badly enough that the magical protections on it would wear off."

"Do you think we should talk about all this with the other members of our division?" Leila writes. "Maybe they could come up with some ideas."


[9] "On second thought," I say, "maybe we should have this discussion tomorrow, during our final recreation period. The arena events won't start until the day after tomorrow, so we'll have plenty of time to make a strategy. I don't really feel like knocking on everyone's doors as if I were trying to distribute a bunch of pamphlets. Plus, some of them might not agree to a meeting, even if I call them. I think they'll be more inclined to hear me out tomorrow, when we're all in the same room."

Leila nods again.

"I think I'm going to return to my room and try to dig up some more information," I say. "I'll search for every note that I've written regarding regeneration, and I'll try to see if I can make some sense of this situation. Maybe if we properly understand the troll's ability, we can find a way to counter it. Let me know if you come up with any ideas in the meantime."

"I will," Leila writes.

"Well, then, I guess I'm off," I say. "I'll see you again, later!"

"See you later," Leila writes, and then I leave her room and go back to my own.

As I close the door to my room behind me, and I pick up my notebook once again, my thoughts race towards the lessathi who offered me the deal with the king. I still haven't told any of my friends about it. Should I tell them about it?


[10] I'll admit that my knowledge about auras is limited, but from the little I know, a person's aura is not supposed to have unlimited range.  What were to happen, then, if the troll's head would be taken too far away from the body after it's been cut off? Would his consciousness fade away? Would that make him die for good? If we ever manage to cut that troll's head off again, this is definitely something that's worth testing out.

I ended up spending the day trying to look for more information to confirm my theory. Unfortunately, not a lot of research has been done on this subject, since most people can barely even read the level of magic power in someone's aura, so the theory that an aura could influence a body's regeneration has been deemed as 'not grounded in facts' by most respectable groups of scholars, and the few who wanted to pursue this theory did not receive the appropriate funding to do so.

I spent my whole day researching this, and all I have to show for it is an outlandish theory, based on another outlandish theory whose validity hinges mostly on one of Eiden's offhanded remarks. Better than nothing, I guess...

I put my notebook back in my backpack, and I prepare to go to sleep. I'll have more time to study tomorrow.


[11] "Yes," Wilhelm says. "He was told by the guards in this place that we haven't really been using these recreation periods to get to know each other. He therefore decided to come here personally, in order to graciously inform us that if we aren't planning to act as a team, he will be sending us one by one to our deaths, instead of giving us the chance to work together. He also let us know that today's recreation period is the last time when we can prove that we are able to cooperate with each other."

"So, that's why you're all playing cards, then?" I say.

"Well, we had to start somewhere," Wilhelm says. "And I just happened to have a deck of cards with me, so I said, why not?"

"Fair enough," I say. "So, what exactly are we playing?"

"We're playing a game of shut your mouth, and pick up the damn cards," one of the two thugs tells me, in a menacing tone.


[12] "The Tilirius family?" Bruce says. "Hah! So, I guess that makes him a highborn scum, then. My apologies!"

He laughs again. 

"Can we please get back to our game of cards?" Wilhelm asks. "The guards are still listening."

"Nobody cares about your game of cards, Wilbert," Bruce says. "The owner said we have to talk, so we're talking. He didn't say anything about playing cards. Go do it by yourself, if you like playing cards so much."

"My name is Wilhelm, not Wilbert," Wilhelm says, in a calm but menacing tone.


[13] "So, about that trapdoor which you triggered accidentally," Bruce says, "did you try to see if you could activate it again?"

"I've tried a few times after that," Leila writes, "but I didn't get it to work."

"Any chance we could have a look inside your room?" Bruce says. "Maybe one of us can figure it out."

"No," Leila writes. "I'm not letting either of you inside my room."

"Except for the stillwater?" the mage says.

"Except for the stillwater," Leila writes, simply.

"So our greatest problem remains the troll, then..." Wilhelm says. "I don't know what to say about that aura theory. I'm not really one to talk, because I've never studied magic, but it seems a little far-fetched to me."

"I like Leila's idea about crushing the head better," Bruce says. "I doubt he'll be able to regenerate it once it's been cut off."

"Either way," Wilhelm says, "what I think we can all agree on is that there's no way we could face these enemies alone. I know that we can't really stand each other, but we're going to have to call a truce until at least after the arena events. Our survival depends on it."


[14] "Velgos?" Bruce says. "Never heard of him."

"Neither have I," the mage says.

"If a troll is the best they've got," Bruce says, "then maybe I've been overestimating the organizers a little. I've killed plenty of trolls before. All you need to do is cut off their heads. It's as simple as that."

"Forget the troll," the mage says. "We need to focus on the creatures. Does anyone know of any weaknesses we can use against them?"


[15] As we all walk through the dimly lit tunnels, members from other divisions are slowly beginning to walk out of their division areas as well, and follow their guides through the corridors. When we finally reach the upper levels, we are told to line up in an orderly fashion, so that the guards who were sent to escort us to the arena will have an easier time keeping an eye on us. I didn't get to see any of my friends as we advanced towards the arena, but I did see a pretty big crowd of people making its way to the arena to see the show, and a very long line at the ticket booth. 

The guards lead us through the gladiator entrance of the arena, and they show us to our locker rooms, where we get to store our belongings for the duration of the show. After we're done putting our backpacks in the lockers, the guards tell us that we're allowed to roam freely through the area designated for the gladiators until the events begin, but that we will need to gather up in the waiting area of our division after the sound of the first horn.  


[16] Half an hour later, we are still nowhere close to finding any trace of them. I tried reaching them through Daren's transceiver as well, but I've had no luck. There must be too many people trying to use transceivers in the area to be able to lock onto the correct signals. Where could they all be? The horn that announces the start of the events could be sounding any minute now.

"Leila?" I hear Kate's voice behind me. "Leila, is that really you?"

Leila turns around, at the sound of Kate's voice, but when she sees her face, she appears frozen by shock.

"Kate?..." Leila writes, but she doesn't have the time to write anything else, because Kate comes rushing towards her, and then she hugs her as tightly as she can.


[17] Half an hour later, we are still nowhere close to finding any trace of them. I tried reaching them through Daren's transceiver as well, but I've had no luck. There must be too many people trying to use transceivers in the area to be able to lock onto the correct signals. Where could they all be? The horn that announces the start of the events could be sounding any minute now.

"Leila?" I hear Kate's voice behind me. "Leila, is that really you?"

Leila turns around, at the sound of Kate's voice, but when she sees her face, she hesitates to write anything, for a few moments.

"Kate, I..." Leila starts to write, but she gets interrupted by Kate rushing towards her, and hugging her as tightly as she can.


[18] "Knock 'em dead, Barry!" Hadrik says, with his usual grin, as he also heads towards his own designated area.

"Or better yet, don't get killed," Daren tells me. "We only need to survive the arena, not win it. I'll see you again after the end of the event. Remember, no need to do anything crazy. Just stay alive. Got it?"

"Got it," I say.

Once Daren is also gone, Leila and I decide to head towards our division as well. 

"So..." I say, as the two of us walk side by side. "Now are you glad that you decided to follow me to meet my friends?" I say.

Leila looks at me surprised for a few moments, until she realizes that it was in fact Kate that I wanted her to meet from the very beginning.

"Yes," she then writes, smiling. "I'm glad. Thank you..."


[19] "Knock 'em dead, Barry!" Hadrik says, with his usual grin, as he also heads towards his own designated area.

"Or better yet, don't get killed," Daren tells me. "We only need to survive the arena, not win it. I'll see you again after the end of the event. Remember, no need to do anything crazy. Just stay alive. Got it?"

"Got it," I say.

Once Daren is also gone, Leila and I decide to head towards our division as well. 

"So..." I say, as the two of us walk side by side. "Now are you glad that you decided to follow me to meet Kate after all?" I say.

Leila smiles, faintly.

"Yes..." she writes. "Yes, I am glad. Thank you..."


[20] "By the request of the arena's owner himself, mister Venard," the announcer says, "today's event will follow the traditional rules, which had been used by his father before him and by the lessathi of old, before the still winter. As most of you may already know, this also means that if a gladiator breaks one of the rules, they will not be disqualified from participating any further, but they will become an undesirable. By becoming an undesirable, a gladiator will be forced to participate in an additional round after the official event ends, where they will need to fight all of the other remaining gladiators at once, in one final battle. Any gladiator who manages to give the finishing blow to an undesirable will get rewarded either with his freedom, or with a large sum of money, depending on their status in this arena. Other gladiators can of course refuse to participate in this final round, and undesirables can also choose to no longer participate in the regular rounds, once they have been pegged as rule breakers."


[21] The crowd bursts into loud cheers for a few seconds, and the announcer now raises his voice, in order to drown out all the loud noises.

"Then I will keep you waiting no longer," the announcer says. "Let the event of the century commence!"

One of the iron gates from the lower level of the amphitheater is now slowly getting raised, while the crowds keep cheering as loud as they can.

"For the first round," the announcer says, "divisions of fighters will be entering the arena one by one, in the order of their division's number. Let us give a warm round of applause to this event's first division!"


[22] It's a good thing that I heard the guards talking about the scorpions while I was in my cell.  I've had all the time in the world to prepare against them, and I've also told Leila all the information she needed to know about them.

At least as far as the giant scorpions are concerned, we shouldn't have any... Hey, wait a minute! Those aren't giant scorpions... Those aren't giant scorpions at all. Those are desert marauders. Damn those idiot guards! Could they not tell the difference?

Okay... Calm down! Desert marauders are pretty much just giant scorpions with smaller heads. They should have more or less the same behaviors. But do they also have the same weaknesses? I think they do, but I'm not completely certain. If only I had my notebook with me now...


[23] It's a good thing that I heard the guards talking about the scorpions while I was in my cell.  I've had all the time in the world to prepare against them, and I've also told everyone else all the information they needed to know about them.

At least as far as the giant scorpions are concerned, we shouldn't have any... Hey, wait a minute! Those aren't giant scorpions... Those aren't giant scorpions at all. Those are desert marauders. Damn those idiot guards! Could they not tell the difference?

Okay... Calm down! Desert marauders are pretty much just giant scorpions with smaller heads. They should have more or less the same behaviors. But do they also have the same weaknesses? I think they do, but I'm not completely certain. If only I had my notebook with me now...


[24] No, wait... Those aren't scorpions, they're desert marauders. They look almost the same as scorpions, but their heads are smaller. I remember reading about desert marauders in my notebook, and I know that their weakness was behind one of the scales on their back, but I can't remember which one. If only I had my notebook with me now...


[25] The guard scratches his head. I don't think anyone's ever asked him this question before.

"Wait here," the guard says. "I'll go ask the owner. You'd better not move from this spot till I come back, or you'll be in trouble."

The guard goes to climb a flight of stairs, and then he disappears from my sight. He returns a few minutes later, with a paper in his hand.

"Here is a free pass, signed by the owner," the guard says, as he hands me the piece of paper. "If any other guards try to stop you, you show them this paper. When you're done, you come back here, and you hand this paper to me. Is that clear?"

"Crystal," I say, and then I head towards the locker room.

When I finally reach my locker, I open it with my key, and then I get the notebook out of my backpack. I quickly rip out the pages I need, then I place my notebook back in my backpack and I close the locker.


[26] "By himself?" I ask, surprised. "What about the first division?"

"They were all killed," Leila writes. "You can see their bodies over there."

She then points towards several dead gladiators that are hidden behind some marauder carcasses.

"Damn..." I say. "We'd better get ourselves ready, then. It will be our turn after the next division."

It takes about another minute for the cheering to finally die down, and for Hadrik and the others to step off the stage, so that the next division can enter the fighting area.


[27] The warriors seem to be rather well organized, and they're not letting the monsters intimidate them. On their leader's signal, three of the men jump to attack the left-most marauder, while the rest of the gladiators try to distract the others. One of the warriors remains behind, and he watches the manticores attentively. He must have been tasked to observe the battlefield, so that he can warn his teammates if the situation changes.

The scorpion-like creatures are at least five times bigger than the gladiators, and they could probably crush any single one of them in their giant claws. The warriors seem to be experienced in battle, however, and they manage to remain unharmed, by anticipating the marauders' movements, and by covering for each other in their time of need. The group from the left in particular seems to be doing surprisingly well. They've managed to weaken the creature with a few well-timed strikes, and they're already moving in for the kill. 

The most agile of the three jumps on the creature's back and he stabs it fiercely in the back of its head. The marauder screams in pain and it tries to attack the warrior with its tail, but the gladiator jumps off, while the other two make a rush for it and stab the monster in both its eyes with their swords, at the same time. 


[28] As if all this wasn't enough, two more manticores are just now entering the fighting area from beyond the gate, and they're running fast towards the surviving gladiators. The observer gets killed first. He didn't seem to be very skilled in combat, and he got mauled in an instant. The other gladiators did not last much longer. The desert marauders and the manticores finally joined forces against them, and they couldn't stand a chance. 

At the end of the fight, the arena falls completely silent, except for the sounds of the manticores, feasting greedily from the carcasses of their hard earned prey.

"By the gods..." Bruce says, as he watches the battle's aftermath in horror, from beyond our iron grating.

"It appears that not even our reigning champions could defeat these fearsome beasts," the announcer says. "This does not look good for the following divisions. Is this event going to end in a bloodbath?"

The iron gate for the second division is now getting raised. However, nobody seems to be coming out. After about ten seconds of silence, we hear a scream coming from their direction.

"I'm not going out there!" a man screams, at the top of his lungs. "If you want to kill me, then kill me now! You saw what happened to those gladiators! We don't stand a chance!"

"You're going to march in there and fight," another man's voice says, "or you'll be getting a death far worse than being eaten alive by a manticore."

"No, please, have mercy!" the other man shouts.


[29] "You know, like a trash can, or a paper bag, or something, so I don't make a mess?" Hadrik says.

The announcer and the crowd watch the dwarf silently, unable to decide whether he is being serious or not. While Hadrik was talking, one of the scorpion-like creatures was slowly creeping up behind him, and aiming to attack him with its claws.

"You know what, never mind!" Hadrik says. "I'll just use this as an improvised weapon, instead."

He then immediately turns around, and he clobbers the desert marauder in the head with his bottle, which breaks into shards of glass that stab the creature in its eyes. The monster starts screaming in pain, as Hadrik makes a quick jump, landing with his fist on top of the marauder, and smashing it against the ground, causing a loud shockwave while also forming a small crater below the creature, due to the force of the impact. 

One of the manticores that was still up in the sky quickly dives down to grab Hadrik in its claws, but the dwarf steps away at the exact moment when the monster reaches him, and he grabs it by the tail. He then spins it around for about four seconds, building momentum, and then he throws it at a wall far away from him with all his might, causing the beast to smash right through it with a loud booming noise.

The crowd and the announcer are both speechless. They are looking at the dwarf with bemused expressions on their faces, not knowing how to react.


[30] Making their way from behind the marauders, a new species of creatures is now entering the fighting area. The creatures look like larger versions of porcupines, but from what I understand they should not be related to them in any way besides their looks. Unlike regular porcupines, the quills on their backs are deadly weapons, and they are sharp and durable enough to give elven steel a run for its money. The creatures have the ability to launch their quills as projectiles, with a very high accuracy and speed. Due to their high regeneration rate, they also have the ability to regrow their quills almost instantly. This provides them with a near unlimited stock of ammunition to use against their foes. Their appearance and their behavior have led people to call these creatures 'archer porcupines'.

A few of the porcupines that have positioned themselves several dozen feet behind Hadrik are now turning their backs towards him, getting ready to attack. Hadrik is still fighting the marauders, and he doesn't seem to have noticed the porcupines. Should I shout a warning to him? I wouldn't want to distract him in the middle of his battle, but if those porcupines manage to aim their shots right, he might be in trouble.


[31] Following the sound of Arraka's voice, I manage to identify Flower in the crowd of spectators. The people around her all have their heads turned towards her, and are watching her curiously. They must think that the amulet around her neck is some new type of transceiver.

"Shut up, you blasted old hag!" Hadrik shouts back at her. "When I get out of here, I swear I'm going to double your spinning sessions!"

"Yeah, I've got a better idea!" Arraka says. "How about you stop wasting everyone's time and get back to fighting? Do you have any idea how much this ticket cost?"

"I can't fight them, you moron!" Hadrik shouts, exasperated. "I'm not allowed to use ranged weapons in the arena."

"Then throw some spears!" Arraka shouts. "Do I really have to tell you everything? You've got spears mounted on the walls. Use them."

Now that Arraka mentions it, I see that there are indeed spears and various other weapons mounted on the walls of the arena. They must have been placed there to give people who didn't have any weapons when they got captured an equal chance in the fighting event. Hadrik mumbles something under his breath, and he goes to get one of the spears. He then tosses it at one of the manticores, and the spear lodges itself into its chest, causing blood to spray out while the creature falls towards the ground. Before the creature reaches the soil, the dwarf grabs two more spears, and he throws them in quick succession towards two of the other manticores, killing them as well.


[32] "Hey, dwarf!" I hear Arraka's voice coming from the crowd. "Why don't you try singing them a lullaby? Maybe they'll get sleepy and come back down. AHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

Following the sound of Arraka's voice, I manage to identify Flower in the crowd of spectators. The people around her all have their heads turned towards her, and are watching her curiously. They must think that the amulet around her neck is some new type of transceiver.

"Shut up, you blasted old hag!" Hadrik shouts back at her. "When I get out of here, I swear I'm going to double your spinning sessions!"

"Yeah, I've got a better idea!" Arraka says. "How about you stop wasting everyone's time and get back to fighting? Do you have any idea how much this ticket cost?"

"I can't fight them, you moron!" Hadrik shouts, exasperated. "I'm not allowed to use ranged weapons in the arena."

"Then throw some spears!" Arraka shouts. "Do I really have to tell you everything? You've got spears mounted on the walls. Use them."


[33] "Why is the dwarf here?" the ambassador says. "He wasn't supposed to be here! He's going to ruin everything!"

"Calm down, ambassador," Venard says. "The dwarf came here with a letter of admission signed by the king himself. We couldn't just turn him down."

"Just because you couldn't turn him down," the ambassador says, "it doesn't mean that you have to let him make a mockery of your entire arena!"

"But he hasn't done that at all, ambassador," the owner says. "Quite the contrary, in fact. He has provided us with a spectacle that this arena has not seen for ages, and the crowds love it. The show has only just started, and it's already exceeded all of my expectations!"

"I don't care about your expectations!" the ambassador shouts. "I want him out, do you understand? I do not want him to set foot in that arena ever again!"

"Hmm," Venard says. "Truth be told, I also think that allowing the dwarf to wreak havoc any longer than he already has would make the show too predictable and boring. Very well, ambassador. I will speak with the staff in charge of arranging the fights to make some modifications in the schedule. You will not be seeing him again."

After they've finished their discussion, the room above falls silent again. Meanwhile, on the outside, the crowds have still not stopped cheering, since the end of the previous fight. It takes about another minute for the cheering to finally die down, and for Hadrik and the others to step off the stage, so that the next division can enter the fighting area.


[34] "Because the way we are now, we're going to lose," Bruce says. "We don't have any teamwork. We should try being more like those gladiators in the first division. You saw how well they worked together."

"The gladiators from the first division are all dead," the mage says.

"Damn it, you know what I mean!" Bruce says. "I'm talking about assigning roles to everyone. You all saw how they operated. One guy was the leader, another one was staying behind, to warn them of danger, some of them were decoys, and others were the main fighters. If we did that too, we'd be a lot more organized."


[35] Several creatures that look like a cross-breed between a bull and a rhinocerus are now slowly entering the fighting area. Each trampler has two horns on its forehead, one horn on its snout, and a tail that looks like it has a spiked mace attached to the end. I've also read that their skin is so tough that they may as well be wearing full plate armor. As their name suggests, tramplers will usually engage in battle by rushing towards their opponents, and attempting to trample them to their deaths.

Sure enough, the tramplers do not wait for long, and they start rushing towards the gladiators at full speed.

"If you want to live, stay behind me," Daren tells the other gladiators.

Daren's teammates are looking terrified. It only takes them a few seconds of watching the beasts get closer and closer for them to completely forget Daren's warning and to start running for their lives.

Daren lets out a deep sigh, and he continues to stand his ground, with his sword at the ready. As soon as one of the tramplers comes within reach of his blade, he steps to the side, and he cuts off the beast's head in one single motion, causing the trampler's headless body to fall on the ground and to keep sliding forward on its belly for a few more feet, until its momentum is finally gone.


[36] Being now faced with ranged attackers, Daren decides that it is no longer safe to maintain his position, and he switches to the offensive. Advancing slowly, with his shield in front, Daren gradually closes the gap between himself and the cobras, until he gets near enough to be able to make a dash attack. The cobras have been spitting at him all this time, but judging by the impact it's had on Daren's shield, they may as well have been spraying water.

Daren makes a dash towards one of the cobras, and he slices its head off in one strike. Before the other two get to attack him, he bashes one with his shield, while stabbing the other through the mouth with his sword. He then makes sure that the third cobra is still dizzy, and he finishes it off as well, with one well-timed slash of his blade.

While Daren was busy with the cobras, the other gladiators had somehow managed to bring down one of the tramplers by themselves. Seeing that the other tramplers are not planning to attack him anymore, Daren decides to go help the others kill off the remaining creatures.

"If none of you are going to listen to reason, then I'll fight on my own!" Bruce shouts again, this time louder than before. "I don't plan on getting killed to save your sorry behinds!"

"I very much doubt that anyone was counting on your help to begin with," Wilhelm says. "Now could you please keep quiet? Our battle will begin shortly, and I would like to concentrate."

Great. Our fight didn't even start yet, and our team is already falling apart. I knew from the beginning that these people couldn't be trusted.


[37] Being now faced with ranged attackers, Daren decides that it is no longer safe to maintain his position, and he switches to the offensive. Advancing slowly, with his shield in front, Daren gradually closes the gap between himself and the cobras, until he gets near enough to be able to make a dash attack. The cobras have been spitting at him all this time, but judging by the impact it's had on Daren's shield, they may as well have been spraying water.

Daren makes a dash towards one of the cobras, and he slices its head off in one strike. Before the other two get to attack him, he bashes one with his shield, while stabbing the other through the mouth with his sword. He then makes sure that the third cobra is still dizzy, and he finishes it off as well, with one well-timed slash of his blade.

While Daren was busy with the cobras, the other gladiators had somehow managed to bring down one of the tramplers by themselves. Seeing that the other tramplers are not planning to attack him anymore, Daren decides to go help the others kill off the remaining creatures.

"If none of you are going to listen to reason, then I'll fight on my own!" Bruce shouts again, this time louder than before. "I don't plan on getting killed to save your sorry behinds!"

"I very much doubt that anyone was counting on your help to begin with," Wilhelm says. "Now could you please keep quiet? Our battle will begin shortly, and I would like to concentrate."

Great. Our fight didn't even start yet, and our team is already falling apart. I should have known from the beginning that these people couldn't be trusted.


[38] "You are a fool!" the lessathi shouts. "Any person with passable skills in reading auras could tell that you are lying from the way your aura is trembling right now. Don't you have any idea what happens to people that lie to us? I should kill you right now for your insolence."

"Hey, what's going on, here?" Bruce asks, after hearing the lessathi's shouts. "Who are you, and what are you doing in our division?"

The lessathi calms down, and he puts his scythes away when he sees Bruce confront him. It seems that despite his earlier remark, he would rather avoid a conflict that would draw too much attention to himself.

"The deal is off," the lessathi says, as he heads out of our division's area. "Enjoy your last fight."

He then walks out the door, without saying another word.

"Damn it, who was that?" Bruce says. "What did he want?"

"No idea," I say. 

Leila looks at me suspiciously, but she says nothing. Meanwhile, the iron grating in front of us is finally being raised. 

We all make our way towards the center of the arena, like all the divisions before us. 


[39] "Uh, yes," I say. "Yes, of course..."

The lessathi readies his scythes, and he waits for us to be granted access to the arena. Once Daren and the others are out of the fighting area, the iron grating in front of us finally begins to get raised. 

We all make our way towards the center of the arena, like all the divisions before us. 

"Ladies and gentlemen, I give you the fourth division!" the announcer says.

The crowd watches us in complete silence, as we make our way past all the animal carcasses, in order to reach our destination. It's clear that they do not recognize anyone from our division. They're probably already thinking that we're going to get butchered, like that first division from earlier. I hope we won't end up proving them right.

