
[1] 

[2] "So, would you mind telling us the reason for your visit, or do you expect us to guess?" Illuna says.

"All in good time, Illuna of the sacred woods massacre," Eiden says. "But first, I would like to ask a slightly unrelated question. Wasn't there supposed to be a white mage in your group? Whatever happened to Daren? You know... dark-skinned fellow... very tall... wears armor all the time?"

"I'm right here, jackass," Daren says. "Don't act like you don't see me."

"My good sir, you must be mistaken," Eiden tells him. "Aside from your obvious lack of heavy armor, the Daren that I know would have tried to kill me with the first opportunity, or at the very least, he would have looked at me as if he were ready to slit my throat at any given moment. I do not remember having had any other conversations with you since the last time I saw you, so what has changed, exactly?"

"That's right, you don't remember..." Daren says, in a thoughtful voice. "You would have no way of remembering, in fact..."

"I beg your pardon?" Eiden says.

"Let's just say that a... different version of yourself from another world has given me a helping hand when I was at my lowest point," Daren says, "and because of that, I am willing to take a somewhat more lenient attitude towards you, at least for the time being."

"...You are talking about the God of Time's trials?" Eiden asks, in a more serious tone than usual.

"Yes," Daren answers, simply.


[3] "Obviously, there were still many complaints, but far fewer than there would have been if not for the king of the underground's intervention," Eiden says. "The important part is that the chances of this situation devolving into a civil war are now very slim, which is far more than one could have normally hoped, given the circumstances."

"Right," I say.

After saying this, we both remain silent for about five seconds or so, until I finally decide that I should probably be the one to continue our conversation.

"So... is this all you wanted to ask, then?" I tell Eiden.

"Yes," Eiden says. "Regarding this topic, at least."

"What about the second topic that you wanted to discuss with us?" Kate says, while frowning.

"It's funny that you should ask this question, Kate of the Beacon of Hope," Eiden says, "since the next subject of conversation probably concerns you the most, out of the whole group. The truth of the matter is that I was getting bored waiting for you all to reach your next destination, and I came here in the hopes that I could perhaps ask you to hurry it up a bit, since your next encounter very much concerns me as much as you."

"What are you talking about?" Kate says. "Why would our next destination concern both you and me?"

"...You mean you don't know where you're going?" Eiden asks, looking rather shocked.


[4] After saying this, we both remain silent for about five seconds or so, until I finally decide that I should probably be the one to continue our conversation.

"So... is this all you wanted to ask, then?" I tell Eiden.

"Yes," Eiden says. "Regarding this topic, at least."

"What about the second topic that you wanted to discuss with us?" Kate says, while frowning.

"It's funny that you should ask this question, Kate of the Beacon of Hope," Eiden says, "since the next subject of conversation probably concerns you the most, out of the whole group. The truth of the matter is that I was getting bored waiting for you all to reach your next destination, and I came here in the hopes that I could perhaps ask you to hurry it up a bit, since your next encounter very much concerns me as much as you."

"What are you talking about?" Kate says. "Why would our next destination concern both you and me?"

"...You mean you don't know where you're going?" Eiden asks, looking rather shocked.

He then turns towards Melindra, who is looking very stressed out right now.


[5] "Melindra, look at me," Kate tells Melindra, as she puts her hands on her shoulders. "I need you to breathe deeply and relax. Can you do that for me?"

"Yes, I can do that!" Melindra says, and then she starts taking deep breaths, one after the other, even though it is obvious that she is forcing herself to do it and that she is not relaxing at all. "Okay, what next?"

"Now I want you to listen closely to what I'm about to say," Kate says. "It is not a problem for me to meet with Meridith personally. You can go ahead and arrange the meeting."

"It's not?" Melindra asks, looking very confused. "I can?"

"Yes," Kate says. "Perhaps a little more than a week ago I would have said something different, but while I was in the first trial of the God of Time's ritual, I received a lot of help from Meridith. In fact, without Meridith's help, I would have almost certainly ended up dead. As things stand, I feel like I at least owe her the benefit of the doubt, considering that my good friend Diane also told me herself that she was working with Meridith of her own free will. "

"So... I can call Meridith?" Melindra says. "Can I tell her that we'll meet her whenever she wants?"

"Yes, you can," Kate says.

"Wow... this is... I can't tell you how much of a relief this is!" Melindra says. "I thought for sure that you would try to kill me if I told you this. Or at least that you would put a dagger to my throat and pin me to a tree!"


[6] "My master, the God of Death said he knows from a trustworthy source that you are the one who orchestrated the events from earlier today," the revenant says, "and that he will not rest until you'll have paid with your life for your impertinence."

The events from earlier today?... Could it be that Jirinn has already succeeded in turning the gods against each other like Arraka planned?

"I'm sorry, but I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about," Eiden says, confused. "I have had no dealings with the magical plane for a very long time now."

"Unfortunately for you, my orders are to kill you, not to question your motives," the revenant says.

"Then by all means, you are welcome to try!" Eiden says, with a smirk.

In the very next second, the revenant disappears from before our eyes and she appears next to Eiden with her knife at his throat, but before she gets to slice his neck, she gets blasted away from her enemy, without him having to lift a finger.

"Did you really think I wouldn't have automatic defenses in place, in case anyone tried to use time magic against me?" Eiden says. "Surely, the God of Death can do better than sending one person armed with a dagger to assassinate me."


[7] "Let her go, revenant," Daren says, menacingly, as he points his sword towards her.

"I will release the girl after the stillwater complies with my demands," the revenant says. "Not a moment sooner."

"And why exactly should I care if she dies or not?" Eiden asks.

"My master has knowledge of the fact that the golden fox has asked you to protect Flower in the past," the revenant says. "If you do not surrender yourself to me, I will kill her."

"I'm afraid that once again, your information is not quite correct," Eiden says. "Eleya only asked me to not kill the girl. She never said anything about protecting her."

"This girl will die if you don't do what I say!" the revenant says. "Do you understand?"


[8] As soon as Flower escapes, Eiden uses his aura manipulation technique on the revenant to strangle her with an invisible force, while slowly lifting her from the ground.

"I just remembered..." Eiden says, as the revenant is struggling to break herself free, even though her time powers are of no use here. "There was something that I always wanted to test regarding time weavers, but I never really got around to doing it. I actually tried to do a similar test on Rose while she was still alive, but I think I got distracted and eventually forgot about it."

"No!" Kate shouts at Eiden. "Leave her alone!"

"Hmm..." Eiden says, as he looks towards the revenant who is desperately trying to remove the invisible force from her neck with her bare hands while still floating above the ground. "Come to think of it, even if I keep strangling you like this, you're not going to die any time soon, are you? Since an undead like you doesn't actually need to breathe to stay alive... Maybe it's time for a slight change of strategy."

He then sends a wind blade straight for her neck, beheading her in an instant. 


[9] "Okay, so does anybody else think that the revenant's timing was a bit too perfect?" Daren says. "She needed to threaten Eiden by taking Flower hostage, and she somehow arrived here exactly when Eiden was paying us a visit."

"The God of Death probably has a way to monitor the activity on the whole island, like Eiden," Illuna says. "It's either that, or they are tracking our group, specifically. Remember that the golden fox also tried to do something similar to us, before Eiden cancelled her spell."

"Nobody is tracking you," Arraka says. "The only reason why I didn't tell you that you were being tracked by the golden fox was because I didn't really care enough to warn you about it at the time. That is no longer the case. The last thing I'd want is for one of the gods to be listening in on our conversations when we're planning to kill them."


[10] "He left while you were gone," Kate tells her.

"He left?!" Melindra says, loudly. "He couldn't even hang around a few more minutes to talk to me after all this time? Not even to say goodbye? I swear I'm going to pay him back for this!"

"Uhm... you were saying something about an extra condition?" Hadrik says.

"Yeah, Meridith wants us to meet her in the lessathi's main base, which can be found somewhere very far underneath the ground," Melindra says. "They have a really powerful teleporting device that can get us there, but they'll first need to send someone up here to guide us to a place where the teleporter can detect our transceivers' signals."

"She wants us to go into the midst of the lessathi's lair?..." Daren says. "I'm not sure how much I like the sound of this."

"I agree," Kate says. "It would be too risky for all of us to go. Maybe it should be just me. I'm the only one that Meridith specifically asked to meet."


[11] "I thought we had already agreed back in Ollendor that you would no longer go by yourself and risk your own safety for our sakes," Illuna says, as she pulls on the rope made out of solidified water in order to bring Kate closer to her. "Did you already forget the promise that you made to us? Do I need to keep you tied up like this at all times so that you don't run away while we're not looking?"

"Okay, I get it, I get it!" Kate says, as she is still being pulled by Illuna. "I'm sorry! I won't suggest going alone again! Can you untie me now?"

"Hmph..." Illuna says, as she dismisses her water whip. "You'd better not forget it, next time."

"Melindra, do you have any idea who Meridith will be sending to greet us?" Daren asks.

"No, she didn't tell me," Melindra says. "But whenever I've met with her in the past, she always sent a different person to escort me to her base. Our usual meeting spot is further up ahead. Follow me. I'll lead you there."

"So, is this a good time to ask you how you became acquainted with the leader of the lessathi?" Hadrik tells Melindra, once we begin walking with her to the agreed meeting place.

"My brother has had various dealings with her in the past," Melindra says. "He was the one who introduced her to me."

"If you are over six hundred years old and your brother is still alive, then does this mean that he is also a stillwater?" Kate asks.


[12] "We finally meet again, eh?" Hadrik tells Diane. "You know, we went through a lot of trouble because of you. After you left us unconscious in the middle of the sacred woods, we were captured by the golden fox and nearly got killed several times."

"You did?!" Diane says, as she manages to escape Kate's grasp, looking very shocked. "I'm sorry! I--I didn't know-- I didn't think--"

"Hahaha!" Hadrik laughs. "Calm down, I was only teasing you a little. As you can see, we are all very much alive, and we got some good adventures out of it, so all's well when it ends well!"

"...Right," Diane says, in an uncertain tone. "I... really do owe you all an apology, though. I shouldn't have treated you the way I did. It's just that... I was so desperate to keep Kate from coming into contact with the lessathi that I-- I acted without thinking. I always do stupid things like this when I'm under great amounts of stress. It's an old, bad habit of mine that I've never really managed to shake off even after all this time. Anyway, I'm really, really, really sorry! I promise that I'll find a way to make it up to you!"


[13] "Daren makes a good point," Kate says. "Diane, are you sure that it's safe for us to go meet Meridith in the lessathi's own base of operations?"

"There's no need for you to worry about that," Diane says.

"Why not?" Kate asks.

"Because if any of them so much as try to hurt you, I will kill them," Diane says, as her eyes are now shining with a bright yellow light. "I will kill them all, and they know I can do it. Trust me, they won't dare to lay a hand on you."

All of a sudden, Flower gasps loudly, and she points towards Diane.

"You can do the thing with the shiny eyes!" Flower says, looking very excited. "That's so cool! I didn't think I'd ever find someone else who can do this. I can do it too, look!"


[14] "We need to go somewhere else, but it's not far from here," Diane says. "Come on, I'll show you!"

"Diane, there are so many things that I want to talk to you about!" Kate says, as we are walking with Diane towards the teleportation area. "So many things that you don't know. I've found Leila! We've been travelling together!"

"Leila?..." Diane says, looking as if she were having a hard time remembering who that was. "Oh, the mute girl with silver hair who escaped with the caretaker. She was still alive? Good for her!"

"She has a way to talk now," Kate says. "She uses a device that reads her thoughts and puts them into floating letters, forming words, so that we can all read them. We became very good friends. I'll make sure to introduce her to you some day. I'm sure you'll love her!"

"I'm sure I will," Diane says.

On our way to our destination, Kate continues to talk with Diane for a few more minutes, during which she tries to summarize as much as she can about what she has done since she was sent away from Varathia, and about what has happened to us during the tournament.

When we arrive at the point of teleportation, Diane grabs her transceiver and she calls the person in charge of handling the teleporting device. Once they are done with their conversation, Diane asks us one last time if we are okay with this, and then she gives the lessathi the signal to transport us to their lair.


[15] "Please take it," Meridith says, as she gently grabs Kate's hand and then places the scepter in her palm. "This relic would be of much more use in your hands than it would be collecting dust in our treasury. For a mage like yourself, it should greatly help with focusing your energy during attacks. Give it a try."

"...Alright," Kate says, hesitantly, as she holds the scepter forward, and she shoots an icicle into one of the walls.

The icicle easily penetrates the thick seredium wall, and it goes all the way through, making a deep hole inside it.

"I'll admit that I wasn't expecting it to work so well," Kate says, in an impressed tone. "Normally, it would have taken me a lot more time to magically sharpen and reinforce an icicle to such a degree."

"I'm glad to know that it works well for you," Meridith says.

"I assure you that the Heksol faction will be quite displeased with your actions, Lady Meridith," says the lessathi teleporting engineer, who seems to have calmed down a little since his last outburst. "I will tell them about this matter, personally."


[16] "You mentioned earlier that we could ask for anything we wanted," I say, as we enter the tunnel and the door closes itself behind us. "Does this include classified information? Because there's this secret code that is supposed to unlock the magical stats from my stat device, but from what I understood, only the highest ranking lessathi are supposed to have knowledge of it."

"I do know the code that you are looking for, but I think you may have been slightly misled," Meridith says, while we continue to walk through the semi-lit corridor. "The magical stats do not work for regular lessathi. They only work for half-lessathi. That is actually the main reason why the two stats were even locked, since half-lessathi were seen as inferior, and could not be allowed to wield such power. My guess is that these stats have not been removed entirely from the devices because the lessathi from six or seven hundred years ago who created them were likely still hoping to find a way around this problem, up until the moment when they were all nearly annihilated during the still winter. At any rate, even if I do unlock these stats for you, you won't be able to use them."

"Actually, I'm a half-lessathi, not a regular one," I say. "I already tested those stats during Emergency Mode, so I know that they work for me."

"You're a half-lessathi?..." Meridith says. "No, that can't be right. Romantic relationships between lessathi and humans are strictly prohibited by our community. And besides, if you came here as a tournament participant, it must mean that you were living somewhere outside Varathia. This means that you or your parents must have somehow--"


[17] "Heksol suspected me from the very beginning, but he couldn't find any definitive proof that I was the one who helped them," Meridith says. "I was a very well-respected member of the lessathi society even at that young age, so he couldn't just imprison me based on his own speculation. The only thing he was able to do at the time was to fire me from my position as his secretary. What happened afterwards was that I eventually climbed the ranks through my own skills, and years later he was forced to accept me as his second-in-command despite his misgivings."

She pauses.

"I am... really sorry that I never tried looking for you," Meridith tells me. "When I said goodbye to my sister, we agreed that we would exchange no contact information whatsoever, so there would be no danger that her enemies would somehow find out her new address from me. I only learned about their deaths much later, from some hidden documents that I stumbled upon while rearranging the files from Heksol's older office. I didn't know your name, your place of birth, or even if you were still alive by that time. I couldn't think of any way to find you, except for roaming the continents myself with this metal wand in my hand, hoping that someday its tip would turn green. To think that you would simply show up on my doorstep after all these years..."

"So, what do we do now?" I say. "Do we hug?"


[18] "Well, no, not exactly," I say. "At first, I was supposed to deliver it to the first lessathi that I came across, but I couldn't really do that, because I was barely conscious at the time. Eiden got really pissed off when he found out that I didn't deliver his message despite coming into contact with some lessathi, so this time I had to make sure that I fulfilled his request properly."

"How did he know that you came into contact with some lessathi?" Meridith says. "Were you the one who told him?"

"No, he figured it out himself," I say. "He has this crazy-powerful magical sense that he can use to pinpoint everyone's aura from all around the continent, and he found out from our auras that I came near a few lessathi."

"What did you just say?!" Meridith asks in a much louder voice than before, as she now turns around to face me again.

"I don't know," I say, confused. "Which part?"

"Did you just state that Eiden was able to figure out that you met some lessathi just from their auras?" Meridith says.


[19] "I--" Melindra says, looking as if she is hesitating to give a straight answer. "I am not condoning what the stillwaters did. What I am saying is that they were not the ones who started it."

"Wait a minute..." I say. "Were the mages being imprisoned because the lessathi were experimenting on them and turning them into stillwaters? Is that how this whole war began?"

"Nobody knows how the stillwaters came to be, except for the stillwaters themselves," Meridith says, while giving Melindra a look of disdain. "Eiden has made quite sure that the information remained hidden from anybody else, so that there wouldn't be another human strong enough to challenge him ever again."

"So, you don't know how stillwaters are created either," I say. "Interesting..."


[20] She then stops in front of the only seredium wall that does not have any crystals embedded into it, and she turns towards us.

"We have arrived at our destination," Meridith says. "The one who is awaiting you can be found in the room beyond this wall."

"So, does this mean that you're finally going to tell us who we're supposed to meet?" Hadrik says.

"Yes," Meridith says, as she now turns her back to us again so she can tap the seredium wall several times with her wand. "It is someone whom you've no doubt heard of before, but have likely never had the chance to meet face to face."

Just like in the previous tunnel, the wall reacts to her wand's touch, and the secret door slowly begins to open, revealing to us what's on the other side.

"He is the highest form of existence, and he has guided our people since the oldest of times," Meridith continues, as the door has been almost completely opened.

Now that the inside of the next room is visible to us, we see that the only thing waiting for us over there is a very large sphere of solid blue light that is constantly flowing around a pitch-black center.

"Allow me to introduce you to our true Creator," Meridith says. "The Magium!"


[21] "I'm trying!" Arraka shouts, in the same panicked voice that she had when she told us to run away. "I'm trying, but it's not working! I can't target this Magium fragment at all! It's like it's not even there!"

Once again, I feel myself getting pulled into the void, but now it's worse than it was before. Something tells me that if this happens a few more times, I won't be able to come back.

"Magium, wait!" Flower shouts, with obvious desperation in her voice. "Petal and I have helped you in the past! We can do it again! Just tell us what we need to do! Please!"

All of a sudden, the blinking in and out of existence stops, and we are left just staring at each other in this nonsensical world that we've been brought into by force. The Magium's realm seems even more absurd now than the last time when I visited it with Arraka during the God of Time's ritual. The geometry of the place does not fit any rules that could be describable through words.

Logically speaking, there are no dimensions here, but I can still easily distinguish between each of my friends, even if their shapes have no outlines. The time feels like it flows forward, but also backwards. For example, I am quite certain that we've only been through this whole ordeal once, but in my mind I have experienced these events multiple times, including in reverse and in non-chronological order. 


[22] "No, I had no idea!" Meridith says. "I'm sure you have a lot to discuss in private after this life-changing experience, so I will leave you alone for a few minutes while I prepare the meeting room at the end of this next corridor. When you're done gazing at our Creator's magnificent earthen form, you can close this door by tapping on it five times in a row. I'll be waiting for you in the room at the far end of the tunnel, but there is no rush. Take your time!"

"Mhm..." Daren says. "We'll take our time, definitely."

"Diane, I'm going to need some help with preparing the conference room," Meridith says. "Will you accompany me, please?"

"Umm... yes, of course," she says, as she begins to follow Meridith down the corridor, while waving to us. "See you guys later!"


[23] "The major powers of Varathia?" Daren says. "Like who? Tyrath? Eiden? The golden fox?"

"Yes, those three, plus the kings of Varathia and also Fyron," Arraka says. "The reason why they're so evenly split is because you don't really need more than one node to access the Magium, and there were enough of them lying around for every major player to obtain at least one without any need to fight over them. Also, they're really well hidden, so it's not like--"

"Barry, what do you think you're doing?!" Daren says. "Get away from there!"

While the others were talking, I had been slowly getting closer and closer to the mysterious sphere of light, until I have gotten near enough to be able to touch it. Now that I see it up close, I realize that the sphere is bigger than me, and that the pitch-black center around which the solid blue light constantly rotates is made up of pure darkness. Somehow, despite all of this bright light spinning around it, the darkness is left completely intact, even though it should make no sense, from a logical point of view.


[24] He then taps the seredium wall five times, like Meridith said, and the secret door leading to the room with the blue sphere closes itself behind us.

"Well?..." Daren says, as he sees me just standing there, without saying anything. "Are you going to tell us what happened when you touched the sphere?"

"Not a lot, honestly," I say, as I slowly recollect myself. "For that one second when I touched the Magium node, I felt like I knew everything there was to know about the world, but then again, I also felt like I would have gone crazy if I'd kept my hand there any longer. And I mean actually insane, not just my normal level of craziness. The knowledge was there in front of me, waiting to be taken, but it also felt like I would have needed an eternity to grab hold of it. If I hadn't let go by myself, my mind would have likely self-destructed from the sheer amount of information overload."

"Huh..." Daren says, in a thoughtful voice. "That is a surprising amount of self-control coming from you, I have to say."

"Hey, even I'm not that crazy!" I say.

"That is good to hear," Daren says. "So, did you at least manage to retain any useful knowledge from all this?"

"It's hard to say," I answer him. "There are still some traces of the information left inside my head, but I don't know if I'll ever be able to decipher them."

"Okay," Daren says. "So, useless for now, then. Got it."


[25] "Wait, wait, wait..." Hadrik says, as we are moving away from the wall, and in the direction of Meridith's meeting hall. "Did you just say red sphere? What do you mean red? The only colors I saw on that sphere were yellow and black. Where was the red?"

"The sphere was clearly green for me," Daren says, "so I'm assuming that different people must see it in different colors. Is that right, Arraka?"

"Correct," Arraka says. "Flower, for example sees it as purple, and so does Illuna, since she lives inside Flower's mind. I, on the other hand have been through so many earthen bodies that I've seen the Magium nodes in all colors of the rainbow by now."

"But the crystals are blue for everyone, right?" Kate asks. "I thought they were supposed to be 'crystalized Magium essence'. Why are we not seeing them in different colors, like the node?"


[26] "It's not that simple," Arraka says. "Whenever Selkram does his rituals, he links you directly to the Magium, by means of the time weaver delivering the prophecy who is linked to the Magium herself during that time. While you are in that state, you're practically standing on the Magium's doorstep, so yes, there would be a notable risk of you coming into direct contact with a Magium fragment again even if you avoid the nodes."

"Huh..." Hadrik says. "Well, either way, I'm nobody's stooge, so I guess the Magium will just have to erase me, then. If we are forced to fight Eiden at some point in time, it's fine by me, but I won't go out of my way to hunt him down just because some dumb floating sphere of light ordered me to!"

"That's the spirit!" Arraka says. "Don't worry, I'll make sure to smuggle some blankets for you when you're serving your time inside the void. I heard that it can get really cold there during the winter."

"Save the blankets and send me some dwarven ale instead," Hadrik says. "There's nothing that warms you better during a freezing winter than some strong alcohol."

"Duly noted," Arraka says. 


[27] "I've mentioned this before, but not all Magium fragments are the same," Arraka says. "Typically, each individual fragment has its own singular goal, and it only focuses on that, while ignoring everything else. This fragment's goal seems to be to ensure that the time weaver's prophecy does not get fulfilled. Since it can't get directly involved in a world without 'undoing it from its seams' like the fragment possessing the Overseer tried to do, the fragment we spoke to is trying to guide people from this world to do its bidding. On the other hand, the fragment that tried to erase me back during Selkram's ritual was probably a different entity whose only purpose was to deal with anyone that tried to reveal the Magium's true nature, while in the Magium's immediate vicinity."

"So, the fragment that we spoke to doesn't know that you were trying to reveal the Magium's nature, then?" Hadrik asks.

"Considering that the fragments don't usually communicate with each other, the answer is probably 'no'," Arraka says. "Which means that the only reason why it tried to send us to the void was because it wanted to punish us for not making any effort to deal with the prophecy. This is already the third Magium fragment we've met that tried to end our existence in one way or another. Call me crazy, here, but I'm starting to think that our individual lives don't have much value to them."

"The fragment said it itself," Daren says. "A single sacrifice is sometimes required in order for many lives to be saved. In other words, as long as there are only a few of us dying, it doesn't give a damn."


[28] "Yes, I'm... I'm sure it was the correct decision!" I say.

After walking some more through the corridor, we eventually come upon the door leading to the meeting room that Meridith told us about. As we are debating on whether we should go in or not, Daren brings up an important point.


[29] "You must be wondering why I called you here," Meridith says. "I will answer all of your questions very soon, but first I would like to ask a question myself. Please understand that you are by no means obligated to give me an answer and I apologize if I am being too direct, but is there any chance that you could tell me what you have discussed with our Creator after you were summoned to his realm?"

My friends and I exchange a look, and after a few moments of silence, Daren is the one who answers Meridith.

"We were asked by the Magium to kill Eiden, in order to prevent the calamity foretold by the prophecy," Daren says.

"So, my suspicions were correct!" Meridith says, sounding a little excited. "He really did invite you to join our side!"

"Your side?" Daren says. "Do you mean to say that the Magium made the same request to you too?"

"Yes," Meridith says. "And I have been working towards this goal for a long time, now."

"Before we take this discussion any further, I would like to ask just one question," I say.

"Feel free!" Meridith says. "Ask anything you want."

"Anything I want?" I say, while raising an eyebrow. "Alright, then. In that case, could you tell me if you are the one who's been buying up all of the stat devices from the other continents shortly before the beginning of the mage tournament?"


[30] "You must be wondering why I called you here," Meridith says. "I will answer all of your questions very soon, but first I would like to ask a question myself. Please understand that you are by no means obligated to give me an answer and I apologize if I am being too direct, but is there any chance that you could tell me what you have discussed with our Creator after you were summoned to his realm?"

My friends and I exchange a look, and after a few moments of silence, Daren is the one who answers Meridith.

"We'd rather not discuss that for now, if you don't mind," he says.

"Of course, of course," Meridith says. "That is completely understandable. There is no need to rush things. If you do feel like talking about it later, let me know!"

"We will," Daren says.

"Before we take this discussion any further, I would like to ask just one question," I say.

"Feel free!" Meridith says. "Ask anything you want."

"Anything I want?" I say, while raising an eyebrow. "Alright, then. In that case, could you tell me if you are the one who's been buying up all of the stat devices from the other continents shortly before the beginning of the mage tournament?"


[31] "That is what we tried initially," Meridith says calmly, while we all turn to look at her. "That is also the reason why most of the energy extractors have been placed below the major cities of Varathia. It's because we expected the majority of the tournament participants to seek shelter inside the cities while they'd wait for the first objectives to be announced. We even went as far as sabotaging the telepathic device meant to relay those objectives to them, just to be sure that we'd have as much time as possible. Unfortunately, the kings of Varathia disagreed with us. They said that enforcing a rule preventing tournament participants from killing each other would be against the 'tradition' of Varathia and that they wouldn't accept it. And to top it all off, they only informed us of this very shortly before the beginning of the contest. You couldn't even begin to imagine just how much this affected our plans..."

"So, you're admitting it, then?..." Daren says, perplexed. "Just like that?"

"Why not?" Meridith says, while shrugging. "Your friends seemed to have most of it figured out, so why prolong the inevitable?"

She pauses.


[32] "Well, to be fair, they did talk about this in an old lessathi language, while there was nobody else in sight," I say. "There would have been no way for me to pick up on that conversation if not for my points in the Hearing and Ancient Languages stats."

"Did I hear you right?..." Daren asks Meridith, perplexed. "Did you just admit to doing everything that Barry said you did?"

"Yes, why not?" Meridith says. "It seems that my own underlings gave away the plan, so what use is there in hiding it any further?"

She pauses.


[33] "You said that you would grant us access to the Magium if something went wrong with your plans and we offered to help," Kate says, "but what if nothing bad happens? Let's assume that everything goes exactly the way you planned it and you kill Eiden without our help. What then?"

"Then you would still gain access to the Magium," Meridith says. "I'm not sure if you realize this, but in order for you to be our backup plan, I will need you to remain in Varathia until the end of the tournament. This means that you will need to keep participating in the contest and to complete your objectives, unless you want to risk being kicked out of the continent by the kings. As long as you are willing to make this effort, you deserve to have your prize, no matter what the outcome of our final confrontation with Eiden will be."

"So, if we were to agree to help you, the kings would not know about our arrangement?" Kate asks.

"No," Meridith says. "This deal is only between you and me. The kings do not know that we have a Magium node of our own, so they cannot find out that I'm willing to grant you access to it as a reward for your assistance. In other words, I am making this offer to you as the leader of the lessathi, not as an official organizer of the tournament. Let me repeat myself. All you have to do is continue to participate in the tournament, just like you were doing before, and to assist us against Eiden in the very unlikely scenario that our plan should fail, and you will ALL be granted the prize that you've been seeking this whole time, without even having to win the contest."

