
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] "You won't ever forget it?" Eiden says, with a smile. "Not even if I give you this rare stone that I found during my recent travels?"

He then takes a rock out of his pocket and shows it to Melindra, and even though she's trying hard to not let her true feelings show, it's clear that she is very tempted by it.

"Even for a collector such as yourself, a rock like this must be pretty hard to find nowadays," Eiden says. "What is it that you used to call these types of rocks, again? Deitrah... Dengah..."

"A Dedra stone," Flower and I say at the same time, without thinking.

"Yes, a Dedra stone!" Eiden says, looking both surprised and impressed by our answer. 

He then takes a look towards me and Flower, and then another look towards Kate, who had been watching his every move and was readying a few icicles ever since he began walking closer to Melindra.

"Congratulations, Melindra," Eiden says. "It looks like you've made some good friends while I was away!"

"I'll take the stone," Melindra says, as she quickly grabs the rock from his hand, while looking slightly embarrassed, "and I'll consider it as a form of apology, but don't think that you're off the hook just yet!"

"Of course, of course," Eiden says, with his usual polite smile.


[3] "I think he will be a great leader."

"The king of the underground's henchman?" Eiden says, while raising an eyebrow. "Is that your opinion of him?"

"Well, he will certainly be better than the previous king, at least," I say, while shrugging.

"Indeed, but that could be said about almost anyone," Eiden tells me. "What I am asking is if you think he was the best choice out of the ones available."

"I mean, sure," I say. "Why not? Albert was practically the main leader of the rebel forces before he began serving the king of the underground, so I'd say he's more than qualified for the job."

"I see," Eiden says.


[4] "I think he will be a great leader."

"The king of the underground's henchman?" Eiden says, while raising an eyebrow. "Is that your opinion of him?"

"Well, he will certainly be better than the previous king, at least," I say, while shrugging.

"Indeed, but that could be said about almost anyone," Eiden tells me. "What I am asking is if you think he was the best choice out of the ones available."

"I mean, sure," I say. "Why not? Peter was the most well-liked leader of the rebels, and also probably the most good-natured one of the three. He should be more than up to the task of rebuilding the kingdom."

"I see," Eiden says.


[5] "I think he will be a great leader."

"The king of the underground?" Eiden says, while raising an eyebrow. "Is that your opinion of him?"

"Well, he will certainly be better than the previous king, at least," I say, while shrugging.

"Indeed, but that could be said about almost anyone," Eiden tells me. "What I am asking is if you think he was the best choice out of the ones available."

"I mean, sure," I say. "Why not? He has a lot of experience with leading people, so he will certainly be of great help to rebuild the kingdom."

"I see," Eiden says.


[6] "I think he will be a great leader."

"The Overseer?" Eiden says, while stroking his chin. "The last I heard of him, he was looking to add more mage slaves to the seredium towers, in order to power up his drones more efficiently."

"That bastard..." I say. "He told us that the issues concerning the towers would be resolved!"

"And they were," Eiden says. "From the Overseer's point of view, the only issue that the towers had was that they weren't operating at full capacity. That problem will soon be fixed, just as he promised."

"He's going to be sorry," I say. "As soon as we're strong enough to beat him, we'll come back to that city, and then he will meet the same fate as the last king of Ollendor."

"I see," Eiden says.


[7] "I think he will be a great leader."

"You are talking about Breynan or the Overseer?" Eiden asks me.

"Both of them, to be honest," I say. "I am quite confident that those two will do wonders as long as they work together."

"Hmm..." Eiden says. "It's true that from what I've heard, the Overseer is working on a way to make the seredium towers function without mage slaves, which is surprising, considering that he should not have anything to gain from doing such a thing. Am I to understand that your group had something to do with this?"

"Yeah, this was part of the deal that we made with the Overseer when we agreed to help him take control of the city," I say. "He promised that he would liberate the prisoners from the towers as soon as he'd find a way to eliminate the need for chaining mages to that energy-sucking machine."

"Interesting..." Eiden says.


[8] "I think he will be a great leader."

"Hmm..." Eiden says. "I have to admit that a goblin healer as a king is an interesting choice to say the least. I was also surprised to see how cooperative the king of the underground has been during the latest events that occurred in their city."

"What do you mean?" I ask him. "What latest events?"

"You haven't heard?" Eiden says. "Your goblin friend was apparently very adamant in his desire to free every single one of the prisoners from the seredium towers, but if this were to be done too hastily, it would have no doubt led to a general state of chaos, since almost all of the magical devices in the city, including the flying vehicles, would have stopped working out of the blue. In order to counteract this, the king of the underground had his men spread rumors for a day or two, making sure that the majority of the population would find out for themselves about the state of the prisoners and about the horrors that they have endured all this time at the hands of the previous king and his underlings. As a result, people very quickly took to the streets in order to request that all the prisoners should be freed at once, and naturally the goblin was very happy to comply with their demands."

"Oh, I get it!" I say. "And since the people themselves were the ones who asked for the prisoners' release, they could no longer complain about the flying vehicles no longer working, right?"


[9] "I don't really care that much about him, to be honest."

"You don't?" Eiden asks, while raising an eyebrow. "Strange. I was under the impression that your group had quite the influence in choosing Ollendor's next leader."

"We did have some influence, as you say, but I don't think it matters that much," I tell him. "What matters is that the old king is dead. Whoever takes his place is almost guaranteed to be a better king than he was."

"I see," Eiden says.


[10] "I think he was the least bad choice available at the time."

"Oh?" Eiden says, while raising an eyebrow. "I was under the impression that your group had quite the influence in choosing Ollendor's next leader. Am I to understand that the only reason why you chose to give the current king your support was because he was, in your opinion, 'the least bad choice available'?"

"Yeah, I guess so," I say, while shrugging.

"I see," Eiden says.


[11] "Meridith as in... the leader of the lessathi?..." Kate asks.

"I'm so sorry!" Melindra blurts out, suddenly. "I really didn't know anything about your history with her or the lessathi when I first made you the deal to help me with Ollendor! After I found out, I thought that I could keep this a secret and meet with Meridith myself to get the pinecone detector, but she wouldn't have it. She kept questioning me on the transceiver about what I needed the device for, and who I was travelling with, and when I gave her the name of Daren, she somehow immediately made the connection that you would be in the same group, and asked to meet you, specifically. She said that unless you personally came to request the pinecone detector from her, she would never give it to me. Kate, I know how this sounds, but I promise I can fix this! I KNOW I can fix this somehow! I just need a little more time!"

During Melindra's speech, there was an ever-growing murmur in the background, from Daren, Hadrik, Illuna and Flower talking to each other in a worried tone, while Arraka was laughing hysterically from within her amulet. As I was trying to figure out my own feelings on the matter, I suddenly noticed that Eiden had been smirking at me this entire time, with his eyes closed, as usual.

"Aren't you glad, Barry?" Eiden tells me, once he sees me looking at him. "Now you'll finally get the chance to deliver my message!"

That's right... Eiden's message. I had completely forgotten about it, with everything that's been going on lately. Does this mean that he still wants me to deliver it to the lessathi after all this time?


[12] "Oh, just one last thing before I go," Eiden says. "Would you perhaps have any idea why your revenant time weaver friend has been staring at me invisibly with a dagger in her hand and her aura almost fully suppressed for the past ten minutes or so?"

"Ah crap, I was hoping he didn't notice her," Arraka says, as the revenant now appears before us.

"Rose..." Kate says, with a pained look in her eyes, as she once again sees the revenant inside the body of her old dead friend.

"Is there anything that I can help you with?" Eiden tells the revenant, while raising an eyebrow.

"I was planning to stop the time and attack you in your most vulnerable state, at the exact moment when you were to teleport away from here, but I suppose it is too late for that now," the revenant says, in her usual non-expressive tone.

"You are a follower of the God of Death, I believe?..." Eiden says. "Why would a god want me dead, if I may ask?"


[13] "The God of Death... does not... trust me..." the revenant says, while barely managing to get up from the ground, looking as if she were making a great effort to even speak after taking that blow from Eiden. "I am only... a disposable... pawn for him. He said... he sent me here as a test... of my loyalty."

"How pitiful," Eiden says.

"I am not... done yet," the revenant says and then she suddenly disappears again, reappearing behind Flower in an instant, while holding the dagger to her throat.

"Rose?..." Flower says, as she raises her head to look at the revenant.

"I am sorry," the revenant tells Flower. "The God of Death himself has ordered me to take you as a hostage if I couldn't kill Eiden through my own powers."

"It's okay," Flower says. "I won't hold it against you."


[14] "Think about what you're doing!" I tell the revenant. "Is this really what the God of Death wanted? To kill Flower indiscriminately if Eiden doesn't give in to your demands? Do you really want to lose your only hostage? Can you not find any other way to resolve this?"

"Another way..." the revenant says, as she is gradually loosening her grip on Flower and moving the knife away from her neck. "Yes... there has to be another way!"

Seeing that the revenant is no longer paying full attention to her, Flower takes advantage of the opportunity to duck underneath her arms and to dash away from her captor. She then immediately jumps up and propels herself towards the sky with fire jets coming out of her feet, so that the revenant can no longer reach her.


[15] "If you don't remove that knife from her neck right now, you're going to regret it," I tell the revenant, in a menacing tone.

"Your threats mean nothing to me!" the revenant says, looking as if my words actually helped her muster up her determination instead of intimidating her. "The God of Death's will is absolute. If this girl is to die because of it, then it is a necessary sacrifice for--"

Before she gets to finish her sentence, a water whip lashes at the revenant from behind, and it coils itself around the wrist of the arm holding the knife, pulling it back. Taking advantage of this opportunity provided to her by Illuna, Flower ducks underneath her captor's arms and she dashes away from her. She then immediately jumps up and propels herself towards the sky with fire jets coming out of her feet, so that the revenant can no longer reach her.


[16] Just as Eiden is preparing to use his aura manipulation technique again, the revenant disappears suddenly, and it seems that her presence can no longer be felt anywhere nearby.

"She escaped," Eiden says, in a disappointed tone. "How boring."

He then smiles, puts his hands in his pockets, and gives us one last look with his eyes closed before leaving.

"Farewell!" he says, as he teleports away.

"Arraka, just to be sure, he actually teleported away, right?" I say. "He's not just hiding invisibly somewhere close by?"

"Nah, he's gone," Arraka says. "He probably already knows by now that there would be no point in doing something like that while I'm around."


[17] "Indeed," Eiden says. "I always do. Farewell."

He then smiles, puts his hands in his pockets and teleports away.

"Arraka, just to be sure, he actually teleported away, right?" I say. "He's not just hiding invisibly somewhere close by?"

"Nah, he's gone," Arraka says. "He probably already knows by now that there would be no point in doing something like that while I'm around."

"We should probably get ready to meet the leader of the lessathi," Kate says. "We don't know who she will bring with her as her bodyguards, so we might want to prepare for a battle, just in case."

While Kate, Flower and I dismantle the tents, Hadrik helps Daren with putting his armor pieces in his backpack, like they had discussed previously. Soon after we are all done, Melindra returns to us, with a somewhat displeased look on her face.

"I talked with Meridith," she says, as soon as she lands on the ground next to us. "It turns out that she has an EXTRA condition for us before she will agree to meet with us. She said that-- wait a minute, where's Eiden?"


[18] "We should probably get ready to meet the leader of the lessathi," Kate says. "We don't know who she will bring with her as her bodyguards, so we might want to prepare for a battle, just in case."

While Kate, Flower and I dismantle the tents, Hadrik helps Daren with putting his armor pieces in his backpack, like they had discussed previously. Soon after we are all done, Melindra returns to us, with a somewhat displeased look on her face.

"I talked with Meridith," she says, as soon as she lands on the ground next to us. "It turns out that she has an EXTRA condition for us before she will agree to meet with us. She said that-- wait a minute, where's Eiden?"


[19] "You can't go there alone!" I tell Kate. "It's too dangerous!"

"I can handle myself," Kate says. "There's no need to worry about me."

"I'll worry about you as much as I like, thank you very much," I say.

When Kate hears my words, her face quickly begins to redden, and she turns her head away from us, in order to hide her embarrassment.

Seeing her reaction, I quickly realize that she must have been reminded of that time when we were discussing the great toll that the God of Time's ritual took on her, mentally, and I told her that she shouldn't hide such things from me because I 'want' to worry about her.

"Barry is right," Daren says. "Letting you go there by yourself is out of the question. The most we can try is to negotiate something with the lessathi that Meridith will be sending to the surface to talk to us, but if there is nothing we can do about it, then we'll just have to accept the risk. We've come too far to give up on that pinecone detector now."

All of a sudden, one of Illuna's water whips coils itself around Kate's waist, while Kate turns around to understand what's happening.

"Illuna, what are you doing?" Kate asks.


[20] "You can't go there alone!" I tell Kate. "It's too dangerous!"

"I can handle myself," Kate says. "There's no need to worry about me."

"I'll worry about you as much as I like, thank you very much," I say.

"Barry is right," Daren says. "Letting you go there by yourself is out of the question. The most we can try is to negotiate something with the lessathi that Meridith will be sending to the surface to talk to us, but if there is nothing we can do about it, then we'll just have to accept the risk. We've come too far to give up on that pinecone detector now."

All of a sudden, one of Illuna's water whips coils itself around Kate's waist, while Kate turns around to understand what's happening.

"Illuna, what are you doing?" Kate asks.


[21] "That is not an option," Daren tells Kate. "Either we all go with you to the underground lair, or nobody does."

"You think I can't handle myself?" Kate says, with a frown.

"I don't know," Daren says. "Maybe you can, maybe you can't. There is too much of an unknown risk in travelling to a base full of potential enemies for us to split up. Even going there as a group might prove challenging, depending on how our negotiations with Meridith will go."

All of a sudden, one of Illuna's water whips coils itself around Kate's waist, while Kate turns around to understand what's happening.

"Illuna, what are you doing?" Kate asks.


[22] When we finally reach the designated meeting place, we see that the lessathi's envoy was already there, waiting for us. However, contrary to our expectations, our guide was not a lessathi, but a twenty-three-year-old woman with a slim but muscular physique, a burn scar on her left arm and short blond hair that was standing up on its own, due to the static electricity constantly building up around her.

"Diane!" Kate says, loudly. "It's really you!"

"You never listen, do you?..." Diane says, in a defeated tone. "I warned you to leave this place, and yet you still somehow managed to make your way back to--"

Diane doesn't get to finish what she was saying, because Kate rushes towards her and hugs her tightly in her arms.

"I got you," Kate says, as she tightens her grip on her friend. "And you're not getting away. Not this time."

"Hey, hey, let me go!" Diane says, as she tries to break herself free from Kate's powerful hold. "You're embarrassing me in front of your friends!"


[23] "Can you at least tell me why you chose to stay here after all these years?" Kate asks her. "Why not leave Varathia and start a new life? Is it because of Jason?"

"He is part of the reason, yes..." Diane says. "My brother has always admired Meridith, and he wouldn't leave her side no matter what, but there's also the fact that I know what the lessathi can do if left to their own devices, and I do not want another Beacon of Hope to happen ever again. Meridith has gone through great lengths to fix as much of the damage that has been done by that orphanage program as possible, and she has also banned the great majority of the barbaric practices that were being done by lessathi in the past, such as treating their children who had disabilities as social rejects, and sentencing the lessathi who left their community to death. I respect her for doing all these things, and that is why I still work alongside her to this day."

"I'm not sure what to make of everything you've just said," Daren says. "On the one hand, I'm glad that Meridith seems to be someone who can be reasoned with, but on the other hand it feels like she doesn't have a lot of control over her own people. What is to guarantee that they won't try to capture us or worse as soon as we teleport into their domain?"


[24] "Yeah, she's just joking. Don't worry about it."

"I'm not joking!" Flower shouts. "I really am thirty years old!"

Her eyes then turn bright blue, as Illuna begins to talk.

"I thought we'd all agreed that we wouldn't make fun of Flower's age anymore," Illuna says, while looking at me with a frown. "If you changed your mind in the meantime, then I politely request that you regurgitate the piece of cake that you ate on Flower's thirtieth birthday and hand it back."

"Ahem..." I say. "You're right. Sorry about that."

"What happened just now?" Diane says. "The girl's eyes turned blue all of a sudden and she spoke in a completely different tone!"

"Oh, that was the banshee that she currently shares a body with," I say. "Her name is Illuna. Their two souls were fused together twenty years ago, which is why Flower's body hasn't aged at all since then. Now they both live inside the same mind on the ethereal plane, where they eat cookies and drink tea every day."

"A banshee..." Diane says. "I suppose that would explain why her aura felt so different, but to share the same body and even live inside the same mind?... I would have never thought that such a thing would be possible..."

"So, umm, sorry to interrupt," Hadrik says, "but is this where we are supposed to be teleported from, or do we need to go somewhere else?"


[25] "Actually, believe it or not, she's telling the truth."

"She is?..." Diane says. "But how can she be thirty already? She doesn't look older than nine, or maybe ten at most!"

"It's because her soul has been fused with a banshee, named Illuna," I say. "They now share the same body and they both live together inside Flower's mind on the ethereal plane, where they eat cookies and drink tea every day."

"A banshee..." Diane says. "I suppose that would explain why her aura felt so different, but to share the same body and even live inside the same mind?... I would have never thought that such a thing would be possible..."

"So, umm, sorry to interrupt," Hadrik says, "but is this where we are supposed to be teleported from, or do we need to go somewhere else?"


[26] After a few seconds of silence, Meridith holds out her hands in front of Kate, offering her some sort of scepter with several jewels embedded into it.

"This is for you," Meridith says.

"What is it?" Kate asks, in a slightly suspicious tone.

"It is one of the most prized relics of our people," Meridith says. "It has been in our possession for more than a thousand years, and it is one of the few reminders we still have from the age when the lessathi empire still used to rule the continent. I offer this to you as an apology for all the suffering that my people have caused you in the past. I realize that it won't make up for all those agonizing years spent in the Beacon, but at the very least it should serve as a--"

"Sacrilege!!!" shouts the lessathi who is operating the teleporter. "This is unheard of! Unimaginable! Do you think that the holy scepter of Heldenbusorag is some cheap souvenir that you can just give out to random visitors? How dare you mock our heritage in such a way!"

"I am not mocking anyone," Meridith says, calmly. "The importance that this relic has to our people is exactly what gives it value as an apology. There would be no point in giving it to her otherwise."

"I-- I can't accept this!" Kate says, as she takes a step back. "If it's so important to you, then you should keep it."


[27] "All friends of Diane are friends of mine, including you, Illuna of the sacred woods massacre," Meridith says, as the rest of us exchange a few looks, when we realize that she must have been aware of Flower's identity from the very beginning. "I owe Diane a great debt after all the help that she's given me in these past ten years since the Beacon of Hope was closed. Therefore, I intend to pay that debt to her in small installments whenever I get the opportunity. If there is anything that you need.... anything at all, please do not hesitate to ask me, and I will do my best to accommodate your wishes."

"I don't recall having introduced myself," Illuna says. "Could I be so bold as to inquire how you knew my name?"

"I am the leader of the lessathi," Meridith says. "I make it one of my top priorities to know as much as possible about what happens in Varathia. You two have made quite a name for yourselves in the past twenty years, and it is also rumored that you have the golden fox's protection. It is only natural that I would at least know who you are."

"Fair enough," Illuna says.

Meridith now pokes one of the seredium walls a few times with a small metal rod, and a secret door opens up, allowing us to go into a hidden tunnel.


[28] "Wait, so does that make me a lessathi prince?"

"First of all, this is a meritocracy, not a monarchy, so the only way to become a leader is by climbing up the ranks through your own skills and hard work," Meridith says. "Secondly, I am not your mother, but your aunt. My sister was the one who gave birth to you."

"Does this mean that you know what happened to my biological parents?" I say.

"Yes..." Meridith says, as she lowers her head. "They were assassinated, by orders of Lord Heksol for illegally conceiving a half-human, half-lessathi child, and for leaving Varathia without his permission."

"But how were they able to leave?" I say. "I thought that only high-ranking lessathi were supposed to have access to teleporting devices that are powerful enough to get you off this continent."

"I was the one who helped them escape," Meridith says. "At that time, I was working as Heksol's secretary, so I was able to obtain the activation codes for the teleporter from his office without his knowledge. After that, all I had to do was pay someone to distract the guards, so that my sister and her lover could teleport away from here without interference."

"You're telling me that you did all this and somehow still ended up as the new leader of the lessathi?" I ask her. "How did you manage to not get imprisoned?"


[29] "I thought my parents were supposed to have fled Varathia before I was born."

"They did," Meridith says. "My sister left Varathia with her lover while she was still pregnant with you. I am your aunt, not your mother."

"Does this mean that you know what happened to my biological parents?" I say.

"Yes..." Meridith says, as she lowers her head. "They were assassinated, by orders of Lord Heksol for illegally conceiving a half-human, half-lessathi child, and for leaving Varathia without his permission."

"But how were they able to leave?" I say. "I thought that only high-ranking lessathi were supposed to have access to teleporting devices that are powerful enough to get you off this continent."

"I was the one who helped them escape," Meridith says. "At that time, I was working as Heksol's secretary, so I was able to obtain the activation codes for the teleporter from his office without his knowledge. After that, all I had to do was pay someone to distract the guards, so that my sister and her lover could teleport away from here without interference."

"You're telling me that you did all this and somehow still ended up as the new leader of the lessathi?" I ask her. "How did you manage to not get imprisoned?"


[30] "...Mommy?"

"I can't help but feel that you are mocking me right now, but no, I am not your mother," Meridith says. "You are my sister's son, which makes me your aunt."

"Does this mean that you know what happened to my biological parents?" I say.

"Yes..." Meridith says, as she lowers her head. "They were assassinated, by orders of Lord Heksol for illegally conceiving a half-human, half-lessathi child, and for leaving Varathia without his permission."

"But how were they able to leave?" I say. "I thought that only high-ranking lessathi were supposed to have access to teleporting devices that are powerful enough to get you off this continent."

"I was the one who helped them escape," Meridith says. "At that time, I was working as Heksol's secretary, so I was able to obtain the activation codes for the teleporter from his office without his knowledge. After that, all I had to do was pay someone to distract the guards, so that my sister and her lover could teleport away from here without interference."

"You're telling me that you did all this and somehow still ended up as the new leader of the lessathi?" I ask her. "How did you manage to not get imprisoned?"


[31] Either way, Eiden's request cannot be ignored. The last time when I forgot to deliver his message, he almost killed us all. I cannot afford to take that risk again.

"Umm, Meridith," I say, while we are still walking through one of the tunnels. "I realize this is going to feel a bit sudden, but I just remembered that I have a message for you. It's... from Eiden."

"From Eiden?" Meridith says, as she once again stops walking, but this time she doesn't turn to look at me. "What message could he possibly have for me?"

"He told me that the message is: 'Remember the still winter.' " I say.

There is no reaction from Meridith. Only silence.

"He... didn't tell me anything else," I say. "He said you would understand as soon as you'd hear these words."

"You are sure that this was his exact phrasing?" Meridith asks me, as she now begins to slowly walk forward again. "There is no mistaking it?"

"Yes, I'm sure of it," I say, as the rest of us move to follow her.

"Did he ask you to deliver this message to me, specifically?" Meridith says.


[32] "I don't understand why you are so worried about Eiden detecting you," I say, as we are now once again moving forward through one of the tunnels. "Wasn't he an ally of the lessathi during the still winter war?"

"An ally?!" Meridith says, a little too loudly. "Eiden was the very reason why the still winter began in the first place! Should I be grateful to him that he changed his mind and switched sides at the very end, after his friends had already killed the majority of the lessathi population? The still winter was nothing close to a war! It was a one-sided massacre, and every single stillwater who participated in it has blood on their hands!"

"Hey, hey, HEY!" Melindra interjects. "Neither me, nor my brother, nor Eiden participated in this so-called massacre that you speak of. And it was the lessathi's own fault that it came to this! If they hadn't kept Eiden and all the other mages imprisoned, things would have never escalated to such a--"

"It was the lessathi's own fault?" Meridith asks, furiously. "Even the women and children? Are you saying that they deserved what they got?"


[33] "We actually know the cause," I say. "The crystals began acting up after the king of Ollendor blew up the underground caves beneath the city in order to kill the rebels."

"You're saying that the crystals from here were affected by something that happened all the way in Ollendor?" Meridith asks me.

"Yeah, I'm pretty sure of it," I say. "They were behaving in the same way there too. They all had slow rhythmic vibrations, while the light was getting gradually dimmer and then bright again, as if the crystals were all breathing in unison."

"If what you say is true, then this will be of great help in our quest to better understand the nature of the blue crystals," Meridith says. "Thank you for this invaluable piece of information."

"You're welcome," I say.

"Is it just me, or have we not seen a single lessathi since we left the teleporter room?" Kate asks, as we continue to walk through the brightly lit underground cavern.

"These particular corridors are restricted to only the highest ranked members of our community," Meridith says. "Other people cannot come through here without my express permission."

"So, this is like a place of gathering for the most important lessathi, then?" Daren says.

"No," Meridith says, "but it is a very sacred place that needs to be given proper respect."


[34] After thinking things through, I decide that it's better to not tell Meridith the true cause for the crystals' strange behavior. It's better to not give her more information than necessary until I learn exactly how much she can be trusted.

"Is it just me, or have we not seen a single lessathi since we left the teleporter room?" Kate asks, as we continue to walk through the brightly lit underground cavern.

"These particular corridors are restricted to only the highest ranked members of our community," Meridith says. "Other people cannot come through here without my express permission."

"So, this is like a place of gathering for the most important lessathi, then?" Daren says.

"No," Meridith says, "but it is a very sacred place that needs to be given proper respect."


[35] "Crap, crap, crap!!!" Arraka shouts all of a sudden, in a panicked voice. "What are you standing there for, you idiots?! Make a run for it! Run far away, before it--"

In less than a moment, the blue light from the sphere extends itself in our direction and it completely envelops us. The next thing I know is that I am floating somewhere in a world without dimensions, along with all of my friends, who are looking around themselves very confused. I do not get much time to understand what happened, because after only a few seconds I find myself back in the void where the Magium sent me the first time when it tried to erase me from existence.

A feeling of intense fear takes over me as I imagine myself spending another eternity in this place that defies all reason. Just like last time, I feel myself blinking in and out of existence several times in a row, and after every consecutive trip to that world of nothingness, I find myself back in the Magium's realm, together with all my friends, who are all sweating something fierce, with looks of sheer terror in their eyes, as they are probably trying to understand what had happened to them.

"Barry..." Kate says. "Was this the void that you told me about before? I've heard you describe it, but I would have never imagined... never in my worst nightmares that it could be anything like this..."

"What is Arraka doing?" Daren says, as he is trying very hard to remain calm and rational, despite the obvious tremble in his voice. "Why isn't she casting the primordial spell?"


[36] "The prophecy must not be allowed to come to fruition," says a man in a high-pitched voice.

"If you seek further guidance, the one called Meridith should be able to help you," we hear the voice of a wise old woman.

"Do not fail again!" now says an old man in a loud, angry voice.

With these last words, the Magium sends us out of its realm in the fraction of a second, and then we find ourselves once again standing in front of the room with the sphere of blue light, as everyone is looking around themselves in a state of temporary confusion.

"Astonishing!" Meridith says, when she sees that we have returned. "I've talked to our Creator many times in the past, but he's never granted me the honor of inviting me in his own realm! I assume that this is what happened? You all entered some sort of trance with your eyes shining brightly, just like it's been described in our old legends, so surely it must be true!"

"Uh, yes..." Daren says. "We did go to the Magium's realm. You're saying that you didn't know this would happen?"


[37] As Meridith and Diane leave, the rest of my friends seem to be making a great effort to calm themselves down. In the meantime, for some reason, I can't help but feel myself being drawn towards the blue sphere of light. It's like there is this invisible force pulling me closer to it.

Despite the incredible danger that I've just been put through, the prize of the tournament is right there, in front of me. Could I possibly let this opportunity pass me by?

"I never thought that there would be a Magium node so deep below the surface," I hear Arraka talking in the background. "I was careless. I should not have let my guard down with all these seredium walls around me, blocking my magical sense."

"What is a Magium node?" Hadrik says. "The big sphere of solid light? Is that what it's called?"

"Yes," Arraka says. "There are several of these scattered throughout the continent of Varathia, and they're all linked together. That's why they're called nodes. Currently, they are more or less evenly split between the major powers of Varathia, so I suppose it would make sense that the lessathi should have one too, even if they're keeping it a secret."


[38] I ignore Daren's warning and touch the blue sphere of darkness and light with my right hand.

Suddenly, billions of images and voices appear in my head at the same time and for a moment, I get the feeling that I understand everything that there is to know about the universe. However, even though the knowledge seems to be right there, within my reach, it also seems very far away, as if I could take an infinite amount of steps towards it and the distance between us would remain the same.

I quickly take my hand out, before I am overwhelmed by the immense amount of information that is being flooded into my brain, and then all of the knowledge goes away almost as fast as I had obtained it.

That being said, I definitely feel different now from how I was before I touched the sphere. The knowledge itself might not still be there in my head, but there's still... something. I feel like the root of the information is still somehow present in my mind. As if the very origin of those ideas could not be extracted from my mind once I stopped touching the sphere, so it was just abandoned there, in my head.

If only I could find some way to reconstruct the rest of the details just from what I have left...

"I can't believe it!" Daren says, as he is pulling me away from the Magium node, and out of the room. "I can't believe you actually did it! Barry, I swear, one of these days you're going to give me a heart attack!"


[39] After some careful consideration, I decide to back away from the blue sphere. I should probably at least ask Meridith for some more details about it before I do anything too crazy.

"Phew..." Daren says. "You had me scared there, for a moment. I thought you were actually going to do it."

"I was going to at first, but then I decided against it," I say. "I feel like this might be a little too risky, even for me."

"Pffft," Arraka says. "What a pansy."

"We should probably close the door before anyone else gets any ideas," Daren says, as he taps on the wall five times, like Meridith said, and the secret door slowly slides back into place.

"Do you think the Magium can still listen to us through the red sphere of light now that the seredium door is shut?" Kate says.

"Highly unlikely," Arraka says. "But it wouldn't hurt to get a little further from it just to be safe."


[40] "I'm not entirely sure how the crystals work," Arraka says, "but blue is the most commonly seen color of the Magium nodes from what I've heard, so that might be part the reason. I can also confirm that of all the colors I've seen while I was possessing animals, blue was definitely the color that came up the most often."

"Yeah, that would make perfect sense, since I see the sphere as blue," I say.

"Hah!" Hadrik says. "A common color for a common name. It's like the universe itself is out to get you sometimes, isn't it?"

"Eh..." I say. "Trust me, you get used to it after a while."

"So, umm... is this a good time to ask what everyone's thoughts are on what just happened to us in the Magium realm?" Daren says. "I wouldn't want to awaken unnecessary trauma in anyone, but I feel like this needs to be discussed sooner rather than later."

"It's fine," Kate says. "At least we were warned in advance by Barry about the void and the erasure from existence, so it wasn't as much of a shock as it could have been. That being said, I'm not exactly sure what there is to discuss. I'd say the encounter was fairly straightforward. The Magium fragment pretty much confirmed to us that Eiden is one of the two old enemies mentioned by the prophecy, and it also more or less confirmed that it wants him dead."

"So, what, are we going to turn into the Magium's lackeys now?" Hadrik says. "Just like that? What power does he have over us anyway? Would we even meet him again if we never approached one of those weird spheres again?"


[41] "Aha-Ahahahahahahaha!" Arraka laughs very loudly. "That's it. That is exactly it. 'Source of everything'. Those were the three words that I have been avoiding to say all this time, because they would have divulged the true nature of the Magium. And since you two are still here and have not been erased from before our eyes, then this confirms that we should be able to speak freely of this subject matter from now on, as long as we are not standing right next to a Magium node and as long as we are not in the middle of one of Selkram's rituals. Still, I can't believe it took you THIS long to figure it out."

"I'm having a bit of trouble understanding the behavior of these Magium fragments," Daren says. "I sort of get why they're not attacking us now, because we're out of their reach, but if one of their main purposes is to keep people from finding out what the Magium's true nature is, then why were you allowed to leave earlier? Shouldn't the fragment have finished the job of erasing you, considering that you already almost gave away the three words once before while you were in the Magium's own backyard?"


[42] "Why do I suddenly feel like there's some important information that I'm missing?" I say. "As if I was one step away from finding out the true nature of the Magium itself, but then I threw away the opportunity?"

"Who knows?" Arraka tells me. "Maybe if you hadn't been such a wuss and you would have touched the Magium node you would have known its true nature already. Too late for that now, though. I guess you'll just have to live with your poor decision for the rest of your days."

"Don't listen to her, Barry!" Daren says. "You made the right choice. Who knows what would have happened if you actually touched the node?"


[43] "I think it would be better to mention it to Meridith," I say. "She almost certainly already knows about the Magium fragment's plans, so it could be suspicious if we don't tell her about it."

"You might be right," Daren says. "After all, the Magium did tell us that we should talk to Meridith if we have any questions. Does everyone else agree?"

"It's all the same to me, since I'm not planning to be a part of this manhunt either way," Hadrik says.

"It's fine," Kate says, as Flower also nods.

"Then it's settled," Daren says. "Let's go see what Meridith wants."

Daren goes to open the door, and then we all enter the meeting room one by one. The inside of the room is not too different from the hall where we used to meet with the king of the underground back in Ollendor, except for the fact that there are many lessathi decorations on the walls, depicting their much-beloved crest of the hawk holding the sun in its talons.

There is a table in the middle of the room, and enough chairs on our side for all of us to sit in. On the other side of the table, there are only two chairs, in which Meridith and Diane are already seated. As soon as we enter, Meridith invites us to sit in the chairs, so we do as she asks and get ourselves seated comfortably on the opposite side of her.

Once we're all at the table, Meridith begins to speak.


[44] "We should probably avoid mentioning any of this to Meridith, for now," I say. "If we were to bring up the subject by ourselves, it might give off the wrong impression that we've already accepted the Magium fragment's request. I'd rather hear what she has to say about it first."

"A fair point," Daren says. "Does anyone else have anything to add, or should we go with Barry's idea?"

"It's all the same to me, since I'm not planning to be a part of this manhunt either way," Hadrik says.

"It's fine," Kate says, as Flower also nods.

"Then it's settled," Daren says. "Let's go see what Meridith wants."

Daren goes to open the door, and then we all enter the meeting room one by one. The inside of the room is not too different from the hall where we used to meet with the king of the underground back in Ollendor, except for the fact that there are many lessathi decorations on the walls, depicting their much-beloved crest of the hawk holding the sun in its talons.

There is a table in the middle of the room, and enough chairs on our side for all of us to sit in. On the other side of the table, there are only two chairs, in which Meridith and Diane are already seated. As soon as we enter, Meridith invites us to sit in the chairs, so we do as she asks and get ourselves seated comfortably on the opposite side of her.

Once we're all at the table, Meridith begins to speak.


[45] "Do I really need to spell it out?" I say. "What I am 'implying' is that this whole tournament is a sham. You never planned to give anyone access to the Magium. The only reason why you even considered offering it as a prize was because you knew for certain that this was the only thing which could possibly lure so many mages to a single place. The real purpose of this tournament was never to choose a champion to defend Varathia. It was to use all those stat devices that you bought to extract a huge amount of energy from the participants."

"Oh, now I get it!" Hadrik says. "That's why they made us wait for one week before giving us our first objectives. And it's also why they made us run around the whole continent like idiots, looking for pinecones. They were stalling for time so they could get enough energy out of us!"

"Exactly," I say. "Honestly, the only thing I can't figure out for the life of me is why they would even allow the mages to kill each other at all. Why not just make a rule stating that no killing is permitted before the tournament begins, and then delay us indefinitely?"


[46] "Do I really need to spell it out?" I say. "What I am 'implying' is that this whole tournament is a sham. You never planned to give anyone access to the Magium. The only reason why you even considered offering it as a prize was because you knew for certain that this was the only thing which could possibly lure so many mages to a single place. The real purpose of this tournament was never to choose a champion to defend Varathia. It was to use all those stat devices that you bought to extract a huge amount of energy from the participants."

"Oh, now I get it!" Hadrik says. "That's why they made us wait for one week before giving us our first objectives. And it's also why they made us run around the whole continent like idiots, looking for pinecones. They were stalling for time so they could get enough energy out of us!"

"Exactly," I say. "We already know from the lessathi in Thilias that they were the ones who sabotaged the telepathic device meant to transmit the tournament's objectives to us, so it's clear that they wanted to buy as much time as possible. Plus, I even heard one of them being upset about the fact that the kings wouldn't agree to make a rule in which the contestants would be forbidden from killing each other, so I'd say it's pretty obvious that they wanted as many of us to be alive as possible in order to be able to extract more energy from us."

"The lessathi from Thilias?" Meridith asks. "Those idiots... I should have known that they couldn't even be trusted with a simple secret."


[47] "So, you want us to kill Eiden for you, is that it?" Hadrik says.

"No," Meridith says. "We will be the ones to deal with Eiden. That is the entire reason why we began amassing so much energy in the first place."

"Then what is it that you want from us?" Daren asks.

"I want you to be our backup plan, in case anything goes wrong," Meridith says. "If there's anything that I've learned in the past few weeks, it is that no matter how carefully thought-out a plan is, it can still fail spectacularly if you are unlucky enough. That is why I'd like to have you as insurance. Don't worry, I'm not asking you to go on a suicide mission. Even if by some miracle, Eiden manages to survive until the end of the tournament, he will still be in a very weakened state after we're done with him. Weak enough that your group should have no trouble finishing him off. If you agree to provide assistance to us in such a scenario, I will personally grant you unlimited access to the Magium node that we visited together earlier."

"Just to be clear, you don't have any intention of actually revealing your secret plans to us, do you?" Daren asks.

"I'm afraid not," Meridith says. "If by any chance, Eiden were to capture you and extract this information from you in some way, all of our efforts will have been in vain. I cannot allow that to happen."


[48] The eleventh chapter of the third book is now available, however it is not the final chapter of the book. This book will have 12 chapters in total.

I am very sorry for the huge delay. I've had a very bad stress-induced writer's block that started with the invasion of Ukraine (due to living in a neighboring country), and I haven't been able to regain the same writing speed since then.

I realize this isn't really an excuse, and I'm trying hard to regain a decent writing speed, but for the moment I had to split the remaining content until the end of book 3 into two separate chapters, due to the long distance between the checkpoints, so I decided to publish 'chapter 11' separately.

The final chapter was always meant to be split into two parts with a time skip between them, like chapter 10, so you can at least rest assured that the ending of chapter 11 won't leave you on a big cliffhanger.

Also, due to the many delays I've had in the past, I've decided to make the estimate much more vague this time, because I still don't know how fast I'll be able to write.


[49] 