
[1] 

[2] "I see," Eiden says, as he spends a few seconds in quiet contemplation before he speaks again. "In that case, I should probably give you a warning. This may sound obvious to you, but that Eiden and I are not the same person. We do not share the same memories, and based on how old that version of me was, he may have had a completely different outlook on life than the one I have now. I do not know what he's said to you, or how far you've been sent into the past, but you should not make the mistake of thinking that anything you've discussed in that trial applies to this world. Believing otherwise will likely only set you up for disappointment."

"Don't worry," Daren says. "I'm not planning to make that mistake."

"Very well," Eiden says. "Now that we've got that settled, perhaps it is time to change the topic of conversation to one of the two main subjects that I've come here to talk to you about. First of all, let us discuss Ollendor. Tell me, Barry, what do you think about their new king?"


[3] "Melindra, you haven't told them?" Eiden says.

"I was going to tell them!" Melindra says. "I was just... waiting for the right time, that's all!"

"Then there is no time like the present, wouldn't you say?" Eiden tells her.

"Melindra, what's going on?" Kate asks. "Who is this person that you are taking us to, and what does any of this have to do with me?"

"It's.... I... Kate, first of all I need you to remain calm," Melindra says, looking as if she were on the verge of panicking herself. "Can you promise me that?"

"Okay," Kate says. "I promise."

"Alright," Melindra says, "so, umm... the first thing that I need to mention is that when you and I first met, I honestly had no knowledge of anything related to artificial mages or the Beacon of Hope. I only found out about these things much later, when I heard you guys talking about them."

"Fair enough," Kate says. "But why are you telling me this all of a sudden?"

"It's because..." Melindra says, "you see... the person that I wanted you to meet... my acquaintance who has the pinecone detector is in fact... it's... she is--"

"It's Meridith," Eiden says, seeing that Melindra can't bring herself to say the words. "She is leading you to Meridith."


[4] "Of course not," Kate says. "I would never do that to a friend."

She then turns towards me, giving me a look suggesting that she knows I'm the one who told Melindra about her putting a dagger to my throat.

"Isn't that right, Barry?" she says.

"Yes, yes, of course," I say. "Melindra was just overreacting. There was never anything to be worried about!"

"In that case, I'll go make the required preparations to contact her right now!" Melindra says.

"Go ahead," Kate says.

"See you in a bit," Melindra says, as she flies away from us.

"Well, I believe this concludes the business that I had with your group," Eiden says. "I'm sure that we'll be seeing each other again soon."

"You know where to find us," Daren says.


[5] "I have no problem with you killing her," Eiden says, with a smile. "In fact, you would be doing me a favor. After all, she is the only human being who can currently be possessed by Arraka, if she were ever to get out of that amulet."

Following Eiden's reply, there is a brief pause during which the revenant just stares at him, probably trying to figure out if he's bluffing or not.

"Go on..." Eiden says, after a few more seconds of silence. "What are you waiting for? Do it."

The revenant presses the knife closer to Flower's neck, but her expressionless eyes are now showing a hint of hesitation. Despite what she said in the past about being only a tool for the God of Death, it does seem like she still has her own free will. Maybe I can talk her out of this, somehow.


[6] What happened afterwards is a complete blur in my mind. I seem to remember some sort of discussion taking place between Eiden, Daren and Kate, but I don't know exactly what it was. I think it had something to do with the revenant and her immortality.

Just like the time when Daren killed the revenant during the God of Time's ritual, all of this feels like a dream inside my head, but I know for a fact that it was real. Considering that the revenant is now alive and well, standing in the exact same place where she was right before Eiden began strangling her, I can only assume that the automatic spell from the Magium meant to keep her alive activated itself once again, and it reversed time only for the revenant and her attacker, while the rest of the world only remembers what happened before the time reversal as a distant dream, or not at all.

"Fascinating!" Eiden says. "I always assumed that this was how the Magium keeps time weavers from dying before they finish delivering their prophecies, but seeing it in practice is an entirely different experience! The spell seems to have reversed the time just enough for you to be able to escape using your own powers, but what were to happen if I kept killing you over and over again, I wonder? Can the spell keep up, or does it have limitations? Shall we find out together?"


[7] "Right," Illuna says. "To be honest, the thing that I am finding more unnerving than the fact that they can track our movements is that they knew about some promise that Eiden made to the fox about not killing Flower, even though we knew nothing about it. Just how exactly do you come upon such information?"

"Some of the gods are probably keeping tabs on Eiden," Arraka says. "He must have had at least a few run-ins with followers of various gods in the past six hundred years, so it would be impossible for them to not know of his existence. It's only natural that they'd want to keep him at least somewhat under surveillance, considering how powerful he is."

"Yes..." Illuna says. "Let's hope that's all there is to it."


[8] "Yes," Melindra says. "He and I were the only half-lessathi who happened to be there when--"

She pauses for a second, realizing that she may have said too much.

"We are the only two half-lessathi who became stillwaters," Melindra corrects herself. "Most of the others were human mages, including Eiden."

"And I do not suppose that you are more inclined to tell us how you all became stillwaters than you were the last time we talked about this subject," Daren says.

"No," Melindra says. "But you have to understand, I'm doing this for your sakes as well. Eiden has been very thorough in eliminating all traces that could lead anyone to this information, specifically so that a tragedy like the still winter would never happen again. If he were to suspect that you came into possession of this knowledge, there's no telling what he would do to you."

"You're right," Daren says. "This might be for the best. We already have enough powerful enemies as it is. There's no need to add another one to the list. So, do we go this way, or...?"

"No," Melindra says. "We need to go around these bushes and then to the left. Not much further now."


[9] "Hmm..." Daren says. "If you were so worried about Kate meeting the lessathi, then why are you working for them? They're not threatening you or anything, are they?"

"No, no, nothing like that," Diane says. "To put it simply, I am working with Meridith, but not with the other lessathi."

"But... isn't she their leader?" Hadrik says.

"In a way," Diane says. "The lessathi are in a fractured state at the moment, and they have been like this for many years, ever since the death of their last leader, Heksol. They do not openly challenge Meridith's authority, but many of them have been actively working against her interests since the very beginning of her instatement as the new leader of the lessathi. Meridith believes that she will one day be able to reform them all, and make them change their ways, although I am a lot more skeptical."


[10] She then squeezes her fists and concentrates really hard, while her eyes gradually begin to shine with a red color, and her aura feels like it's burning up.

"Yes, this is... a highly advanced ethereal technique," Diane says, looking very impressed by what Flower is showing her. "Normally, it should only be achievable after years of hard work and practice. I am surprised that you can already do it at such a young age."

"I'm not young!" Flower says. "I'm thirty years old, and I'm pretty sure that I'm older than you!"

"Um... okay?..." Diane says, and then she turns to us. "Is she joking, or?..."


[11] The teleportation occurs similarly to how we've been accustomed by the rebels of Ollendor. First we are enveloped by the usual bright white light while our bodies vibrate loudly, then we find ourselves in a cavern next to a teleporter device looking almost identical to the one in Ollendor, except that it's a little bigger. The lessathi operating the device is currently watching us attentively from behind the teleporter's control panel, and he is wearing dark blue robes, just like all the other members of his race who are not outcasts like Leila and her father.

When I turn around, I see that Meridith was waiting for us in the teleportation room as well. I recognized her immediately, because I already saw an eleven years younger version of her during Kate's ritual. Her brown hair was now a little shorter than it used to be, and her blue robes had more decorations on them, likely in order to accurately reflect her higher rank, but her green eyes looked just as determined as they were when she was still in her late thirties.

As soon as she sees us, she comes closer, and then she stops to take a good long look at Kate before she speaks.

"I assume that you must be Kate?" Meridith asks her.

"Yes, that would be me," Kate says.

"I see..." Meridith says, and then she sighs deeply.


[12] "There is no need to inform them," Meridith says. "I've already made my plans public shortly after I invited Kate and her friends here. And even if they had doubts on whether I would go through with it or not, they will surely find out that I was being serious when they will see the scepter in Kate's hands. Times are changing, Grihirt. You and your faction will just need to accept this. Heksol has been dead for years, and yet you still name your group after him. At some point, you will have to accept reality for what it is."

"We will see about that," Grihirt says, in an acid tone.

"Let us go," Meridith tells us. "It is a long way from here to our main base of operations, so we should be on our way."

"Right," Daren says, as we begin to follow her through the dark tunnels lit by torches, while leaving the disgruntled lessathi behind.

"I realize that I may have been a little unreasonable when I asked you to come here if you wanted the pinecone detector," Meridith says, while we are walking behind her, "but I promise you that you will not regret your decision. I may not be able to erase what the lessathi have done to you in the past, but I am most certainly going to make them compensate you a hundredfold for your troubles."

"Why are you going so far out of your way to help us?" Illuna says. "I thought that tournament organizers were supposed to remain neutral towards the participants."  


[13] Meridith suddenly stops in her tracks and she turns around to look at me, examining me from head to toe.

"May I ask what your age is?" Meridith asks me, after a long pause. "You don't look older than thirty."

"Yes, I am twenty-eight years old," I answer her.

"Twenty-eight years..." Meridith says, as she seems to be doing some calculations inside her head. "That is exactly how much time it's been since--"

She pauses.

"No, it can't be!" Meridith continues. "But what if--"

She now uses the rod made of metal from before to tap her left shoulder once, and then she lightly taps my shoulder as well. Shortly upon contact with me, the tip of the rod begins to glow with a bright green light, while Meridith just stares at it, in complete silence.

"Our auras match..." Meridith says, as she still seems to be recovering from the shock of what she's just seen. 

"And what does that mean?" I ask her.

"It means that we are related by blood," Meridith says.


[14] "No..." Meridith says. "But your sudden appearance couldn't have come at a better time. There is someone very important that I want you to meet. I was going to take you all to see him anyway because I wanted to introduce Kate to him, but now that I know who you are, it makes much more sense that you should meet him as well."

"Who is this person that you want to introduce me to?" I say. "Is it another lessathi?"

"You will see soon enough," Meridith says. "Come with me. We should not be wasting any more time."

As we continue to travel through the deserted hidden corridors, I suddenly get a cold shiver down my spine, because I am only just now remembering Eiden's last words towards me:

"Aren't you glad, Barry? Now you'll finally get the chance to deliver my message!"

Eiden's message... 

'Remember the still winter'. A phrase that is clearly worded as a threat. How is Meridith going to react when I tell her this? Will she have us imprisoned, even though I'm supposedly her nephew and Kate is Diane's friend? Will she fly into a fit of rage? Is the message even supposed to be taken as a threat at all? The stillwaters did fight the lessathi during the still winter, but from what Melindra told us, Eiden was supposed to have taken the lessathi's side in that war. Maybe it's not as bad as it sounds. Maybe it's only meant as a friendly warning of sorts.


[15] "I mean, yeah, I'm pretty sure that's how he was able to detect them," I say. "Like I said, he can detect auras from extremely large distances."

"You don't understand!" Meridith says. "We lessathi are always wearing bracelets under our sleeves, with the specific purpose of remaining undetected. If Eiden could detect our men from so far away, then the bracelets are meaningless!"

"Ahahahahaha!" Arraka laughs all of a sudden. "You thought that those poorly-made trinkets could keep you hidden from Eiden? They would need to be at least a hundred times stronger for something like that to work!"

"A hundred times stronger, you say?..." Meridith asks, looking as if she were actually seriously considering Arraka's suggestion. "I think that might be doable. We're probably going to have to recycle some of the bracelets and combine their parts together, but at least our scouts will be safer than they are now. I will tell our tinkerers to start working on this as soon as I return to our base."

"Yeah, good luck with that," Arraka says, in a sarcastic tone.


[16] Meridith now taps the wall at the end of the dark corridor with her metal wand and another secret door opens, leading us into an almost blindingly bright tunnel, with its walls and ceiling filled with blue crystals. Just like when we were in the underground caverns of Ollendor, the crystals are pulsating every now and then, but they seem to be a little less active than they were four days ago.

"Wow, that's a lot of crystals!" Hadrik says, as the door closes behind us.

"Indeed," Meridith says, as we now head towards the right side, where the crystals are more abundant. "If you are worried about the crystals' peculiar behavior, you should know that they've been acting like this for more than four days, and no incidents have been reported until now. We're still trying to figure out what triggered this, but we haven't had any success just yet."


[17] I don't get to analyze this world much further, because the Magium finally decides to respond to Flower, although its voice seems to be changing its timbre and tonality with every new phrase that it speaks, as if it were a different person every time.

"In the past, you may have helped," I hear the voice of an old man.

"But in the present, you have not," the Magium continues, now in the voice of a young woman.

"The prophecy has already been delivered," I hear an adolescent boy talking.

"You should know full well what must be done," says the voice of a little girl.

"We don't!" Flower says, in an anxious tone. "We really don't! We haven't even figured out who the two old enemies clashing are supposed to be, yet! I mean, I guess we're kind of expecting one of those enemies to be Eiden, since he pretty much spelled it out for us, but we're still not sure who the other--"

"Then you already have your answer," a woman interrupts Flower, in a soft-spoken voice.

"In order for many lives to be saved, a single sacrifice is sometimes required," we now hear the voice of a small child, who is barely able to articulate his words.

"A sacrifice?..." Flower asks, in a somewhat fearful tone. "You-- you want us to kill Eiden?"


[18] The sight of the sphere is truly mesmerizing, and I feel like I can barely take my eyes off it.

"Barry!" Daren shouts. "Don't do something you'll regret! Back away, slowly!"

"He actually went to the node!" Arraka says. "Ahahahahahahaha! Touch it, you loser! I dare you to touch it!"


[19] "I have a question," Kate says, as she is looking somewhat anxiously towards the wall between us and the Magium node. "Do you think the Magium can still listen to us through the red sphere of light now that the seredium door is shut?"

"Highly unlikely," Arraka says. "But it wouldn't hurt to get a little further from it just to be safe."

"Wait, wait, wait..." Hadrik says, as we are moving away from the wall, and in the direction of Meridith's meeting hall. "Did you just say red sphere? What do you mean red? The only colors I saw on that sphere were yellow and black. Where was the red?"

"The sphere was clearly green for me," Daren says, "so I'm assuming that different people must see it in different colors. Is that right, Arraka?"

"Correct," Arraka says. "Flower, for example sees it as purple, and so does Illuna, since she lives inside Flower's mind. I, on the other hand have been through so many earthen bodies that I've seen the Magium nodes in all colors of the rainbow by now."

"But the crystals are blue for everyone, right?" Kate asks. "I thought they were supposed to be 'crystalized Magium essence'. Why are we not seeing them in different colors, like the node?"


[20] "Guys... I think I might have figured out something very important," I say, after being deep inside my own thoughts for more than a minute, while the others were talking.

"Such as?" Arraka asks me, in a doubtful tone.

"When I touched the Magium node, even though it was for a very short while, I could still feel myself connected with the Magium itself," I say. "This was more than just the 'link' that I had with it during the rituals. It was as if the Magium and I were one and the same... I was one... with the source."

"The source?" Daren asks me. "You mean, like the source of all magic?"

"No, no, not ONLY of magic," I say. "I mean the source of the earthen plane, the magical plane, the ethereal plane... the source of all the parallel universes that contain different versions of ourselves... the source of time and space... the source of thoughts and consciousness and free will... In other words... the source of everything."

"So, you're saying that this is the true nature of the Magium?" Kate asks me. "Not the source of all magic, but the source of everything?"


[21] "I think that before entering the meeting room, we should decide if we want to tell Meridith about what the Magium said to us or not," Daren says, in a low voice.

"You mean, about him heavily implying that you should kill Eiden?" Melindra says. "You're not seriously considering doing that, are you? He's going to destroy you!"

"Right now we're only discussing whether we should mention this detail to Meridith or not," Daren says. "Once we hear her side of the story, we might be able to make a more informed decision, but maybe it would be better to let her bring up the subject on her own. What do you guys think?"


[22] "Yes," Arraka says, "and as long as the copy version of me from the past were to be found, the other fragment would not have cared if it destroyed our whole world in the process. It's pretty clear by this point that these fragments will mow down anyone standing in the way of their goals, so the best course of action is probably to avoid contact with them as much as possible."

"It looks like the meeting room that Meridith told us about is the one over there," Kate says, as she points towards a door at the end of the tunnel. "Should we head in?"

"I think that before entering the meeting room, we should decide if we want to tell Meridith about what the Magium said to us or not," Daren says, in a low voice.

"You mean, about him heavily implying that you should kill Eiden?" Melindra says. "You're not seriously considering doing that, are you? He's going to destroy you!"

"Right now we're only discussing whether we should mention this detail to Meridith or not," Daren says. "Once we hear her side of the story, we might be able to make a more informed decision, but maybe it would be better to let her bring up the subject on her own. What do you guys think?"


[23] For a few seconds, there is only silence, while Meridith and I just keep looking directly at each other, without averting our eyes.

"What made you arrive at that conclusion?" Meridith asks me simply, without showing any change in her facial expression.

"Well, for starters," I say, "whoever pulled off that stunt must have been someone with a lot of money, who knew that the stat boosters were more than fortune teller's trinkets, and who needed to get hold of all those devices before the tournament began. I can't think of many people who would fit that description."

I then pause for several moments, to see if the expression on Meridith's face changes in any way, but she is able to control herself perfectly.

"Is that it?" Meridith says. "Are these the only reasons that led you to believe I was the one who amassed all those devices?"

"No," I say. "There's also the fact that my stat booster has been harnessing considerably less energy in Thilias and Ollendor than outside of the two cities. Aside from this, I know of another person with a stat device who's been in Thilias since the beginning of the tournament, and who has gathered far fewer stat points than me because of that. If there were some other harnessers of magical energy in those cities, like for example let's say... a thousand stat devices, then it would make a lot of sense."

"What exactly are you implying?" Meridith asks me.


[24] "However," Meridith continues, "I would like to point out that there were in fact two things that my nephew got wrong in his analysis. First of all, we do not in fact have thousands of stat boosters hidden inside the cities of Varathia. We bought all those devices so that we could disassemble them and use their parts to create energy extractors, which would be far more potent than the stat boosters themselves. And secondly, nobody ever said that we would not grant you access to the Magium."

"Are you serious?" I ask Meridith. "You're saying I'm supposed to believe that you'll give the tournament winner their prize when you've already admitted that the whole contest is just a ruse?"

"You misunderstand me," Meridith says. "Obviously, the tournament winner won't be getting anything. What I was saying is that I am willing to give YOU access to the Magium. You and all of your friends. And all you need to do for this is to provide a little assistance to me."

"Provide assistance?" Kate says. "What kind of assistance, exactly?"

"You see," Meridith says, "the reality is that this whole tournament that you've been part of until now has only been organized because of one person. Ever since the destruction of Olmnar, twenty years ago, the kings of Varathia and the lessathi have been working together for a single, common purpose, and after twenty arduous years, we have finally found a way to achieve it. By the end of this tournament, there will finally be justice. By the end of this tournament, Eiden will be dead."


[25] She then gets up from her chair, and looks at each of us in turn.

"I have given you my offer," Meridith says. "Whether you choose to accept it or not is up to you."

She then pauses for a few seconds before she continues.

"So..." Meridith says. "What is it going to be?"

