
[1] 

[2] "The last few groups that we've sensed for the past two days have always avoided us eventually," Daren says. "So far there's no reason to think that they won't do the same."

"It's different this time," Kate says. "They clearly sensed us too, and are moving to intercept us. If we keep walking at this speed, it will only take a few minutes until we come face to face with them."

"Alright, I don't want to be distracting you, so I'll leave you guys to it," Melindra says, from the transceiver. "Stay safe, Flower!"

"You too,Melindra," Flower says. "Bye!"


[3] As soon as I leave the ground, I can already feel a bit of instability when I move through the air, but it's not as bad as it used to be when I first unlocked my magical stats in the lessathi base. After putting some work into my air currents in the last couple of days, they are now somewhat more manageable, and I should be able to use them in a fight, but they won't be anywhere near as responsive as the currents that Melindra used to make for me. I suppose this was to be expected, since I only have one level in my magical stats so far. I'll probably have to wait for at least two more levels until I can get them to work as well as the ones I was used to.

"Over there!" Flower tells me, as we are approaching our targets. "We should be getting a good view from that spot above them!"

"Don't get too close to them," I say. "There are some very basic spells that have really long range, so we'll want to maintain a high altitude. Follow my lead."

We both continue flying until we are directly above them, and we position ourselves far enough away from them so that only an elementalist that specializes in long-ranged attacks, like Kate, should be able to reach us. I have no idea how well these people can detect enemies far above them with their magical sense, but I suppose we'll be finding that out soon enough.

"Hey, look, that guy is waving at us!" Flower says, as she waves back at one of the people on the ground. "Do you think they're friendly?"


[4] I've already done a few flight tests in the last couple of days, but I have to say that I'm really impressed with the quality of these currents, considering that I only have one level in my magical stats. That knowledge that I managed to extract from the Magium node has helped me stabilize them to a level that is almost indistinguishable from the currents that Melindra used to make for me. It's very convenient!

"Over there!" Flower tells me, as we are approaching our targets. "We should be getting a good view from that spot above them!"

"Don't get too close to them," I say. "There are some very basic spells that have really long range, so we'll want to maintain a high altitude. Follow my lead."

We both continue flying until we are directly above them, and we position ourselves far enough away from them so that only an elementalist that specializes in long-ranged attacks, like Kate, should be able to reach us. I have no idea how well these people can detect enemies far above them with their magical sense, but I suppose we'll be finding that out soon enough.

"Hey, look, that guy is waving at us!" Flower says, as she waves back at one of the people on the ground. "Do you think they're friendly?"


[5] "We could go around them if you want," Diane says. "It'll take a little longer, but we'll still reach the sacred woods eventually."

"No way!" Hadrik says, loudly. "I haven't had a fight other than my sparring sessions with Daren since Ollendor, and you're telling me to walk away from a battle of my own free will? If these guys want a piece of me then they'll get one. Mark my words!"

"I also agree that there is no point in trying to avoid them," Kate says. "We can all sense each other, so if they see we are going around them, they'll just come after us instead. Confronting them directly is likely our best option in this situation."

"Hah!" Hadrik says. "That's what I like to hear!"

"If everyone's okay with it, then we'll keep moving forward," Daren says. "Just be on the lookout, because they have a bit of time to set up traps until we get there."

We keep walking for two more minutes or so, and we eventually reach a large area without trees, which is apparently where the four mages had stopped to wait for us.

Now that I'm finally getting a good look at our ambushers, I see that three of them are wearing black robes and have bald heads with snake tattoos on them, looking like almost exact copies of Zack, the necromancer that we met during our first week in Varathia, while the fourth one is wearing green robes and has a silver circlet on his head, meaning that he's likely a follower of the God of Fate.


[6] "We could go around them if you want," Diane says. "It'll take a little longer, but we'll still reach the sacred woods eventually."

"No way!" Hadrik says, loudly. "I haven't had a fight other than my sparring sessions with Daren since Ollendor, and you're telling me to walk away from a battle of my own free will? If these guys want a piece of me then they'll get one. Mark my words!"

"I also agree that there is no point in trying to avoid them," Kate says. "We can all sense each other, so if they see we are going around them, they'll just come after us instead. Confronting them directly is likely our best option in this situation."

"Hah!" Hadrik says. "That's what I like to hear!"

"If everyone's okay with it, then we'll keep moving forward," Daren says. "Just be on the lookout, because they have a bit of time to set up traps until we get there."

We keep walking for two more minutes or so, and we eventually reach the large area without trees in which the four mages had stopped to wait for us.

Now that I'm getting a good look at our ambushers, I see that the three mages that were dressed in black robes were in fact followers of the God of Death, who have bald heads with snake tattoos on them, similar to Zack, the necromancer that we met in our first week in Varathia. The fourth mage in green robes is apparently also wearing a silver circlet on his head, so he is most likely a follower of the God of Fate.


[7] "We could go around them if you want," Diane says. "It'll take a little longer, but we'll still reach the sacred woods eventually."

"No way!" Hadrik says, loudly. "I haven't had a fight other than my sparring sessions with Daren since Ollendor, and you're telling me to walk away from a battle of my own free will? If these guys want a piece of me then they'll get one. Mark my words!"

"I also agree that there is no point in trying to avoid them," Kate says. "We can all sense each other, so if they see we are going around them, they'll just come after us instead. Confronting them directly is likely our best option in this situation."

"Hah!" Hadrik says. "That's what I like to hear!"

"If everyone's okay with it, then we'll keep moving forward," Daren says. "Just be on the lookout, because they have a bit of time to set up traps until we get there."

We keep walking for two more minutes or so, and we eventually reach the large area without trees in which the four mages had stopped to wait for us.

As I've already seen from above, three of them are followers of the God of Death, being dressed in black robes and having bald heads with snake tattoos on them, just like Zack, the necromancer that we met during our first week in Varathia. Meanwhile, the fourth mage is dressed in green robes and has a silver circlet on his head, similarly to the God of Fate follower that was teamed up with Zack.


[8] "So, the revenant couldn't get the job done the first time, and now the God of Death sent his goons to us instead," Daren says. "Does he not understand that Eiden just doesn't care if Flower lives or dies?"

"Silence, dog!" the necromancer leader says. "You should be grateful enough that I am showing you so much mercy. You would be wise to not stretch my patience even thinner. Just give us the girl and we can all put this matter behind us."

"How many times will I have to listen to you offering to spare these people's lives, before you man up and do what needs to be done, you coward?" says the God of Fate's follower, who is just now speaking for the first time.

"You dare speak this way to me, you lunatic?!" the necromancer leader says. "After I was gracious enough to let you join us on this trip?"


[9] "The fox told Eiden to not kill me?" Flower says. "I had no idea!"

"It looks like she's been protecting us from behind the scenes, despite not showing it," Illuna says. "Perhaps your insistence to keep helping the animals whenever they were in mortal danger over these past twenty years has not been completely wasted after all."

"Why would I not have helped them?" Flower says. "They are my friends!"

"Right," Illuna says.

"Be quiet, you wretches!" the necromancer leader says. "I have not come all the way here to listen to your insipid drivel! You will come with us now, or your friends will suffer!"

"How many times will I have to listen to you offering to spare these people's lives, before you man up and do what needs to be done, you coward?" says the God of Fate's follower, who is just now speaking for the first time.

"You dare speak this way to me, you lunatic?!" the necromancer leader says. "After I was gracious enough to let you join us on this trip?"


[10] "How deluded do you have to be to think that you are the only one of your god's followers who can actually read his mind during your sleep?" says the necromancer leader. "You have absolutely no proof for your claims, but you keep going on about it, like you're expecting anyone to believe you. There is no way you could be considered sane when you act like this."

I should probably consider myself lucky that nobody seems to be taking this guy seriously, because if he actually saw us talking to Eiden about avoiding the destruction of the Varathian cities, then it is possible that some of his other 'prophetic dreams' might have some truth behind them as well. Thankfully, it doesn't look like any of the other followers of the God of Fate believed him, so at least they shouldn't be actively looking to hunt us down.


[11] Seeing what is happening, Kate quickly shoots all of her icicles at the four mages, but a skeleton rises in front of them just in time to cast a semi-transparent barrier and shield them from harm.

"Blast it!" Kate says. "I knew I should have attacked them sooner."

"These are skeleton stillwaters again, aren't they?" Daren says, as he calmly creates a protective magical barrier all around us. "Barry, how long do you think it will take your device to power up and give you more magic, like last time?"

"Uh... with this number of skeletons?" I say. "Hopefully less than one minute."

"Good," Daren says, while the one hundred stillwaters begin to attack his barrier with all sorts of strong spells. "Can anyone else please help me reinforce this barrier? I'd rather not start fighting them until Barry can join the fight properly with his emergency stats."


[12] "Any luck with your 'Emergency mode', Barry?" Daren asks me.

"Not yet," I tell Daren, while I am holding my stat device in my hand and looking at its screen. "I don't understand why it's taking so long. Maybe it's because these skeletons were better created than the other ones we fought. Now that I examine them more closely, they do seem to be leaking far less energy than the ones made by Zack, the necromancer, even though there are a hundred of them."

"Okay... Kate, can you make an ice dome around us, please?" Daren says. "I really don't want to expend all of my energy just keeping one barrier up."

"I'm on it," Kate says, as she conjures a semi-transparent dome of reinforced ice around us, just like Daren asked.

"Do you think there's still a chance that your Emergency mode activates or should we just start attacking them?" Daren says to me.


[13] "This bastard must have gotten his aura linked with Memphir himself at birth," Arraka tells us. "And instead of getting a faulty connection with his spirit, like Daren, he lucked out and got the upgraded version. Argh! Why did it have to be one of Memphir's spells, of all things? These are always so ridiculously complicated to decipher!"

"So, what you're saying is that you can't do it, then..." Illuna taunts her.

"Of course I can do it," Arraka says. "But it's going to take a lot of time. If you manage to survive against the one hundred skeleton stillwaters until then, I'll tell you what I've figured out."

"The one hundred what?!" Kate shouts, as a hundred skeletons with insanely powerful magic radiating from their auras are now slowly rising from the ground all around us.

"Great..." Daren says, as he now creates a magical barrier around us to defend us from the skeletons' incoming attacks. "Barry, how long do you think it will take your device to power up and give you more magic, like last time?"

"Uh... with this number of skeletons?" I say. "Hopefully less than one minute."


[14] "No, now you're going too far!" Arraka shouts again. "There's another trap right over--"

A new, less powerful invisible trap now explodes just a few feet in front of us. Daren puts his shield in front of him to create a barrier, but he wasn't quick enough to fully materialize it, so we all get thrown on our backs by the force of the impact.

"That's ENOUGH!!!" Kate and Diane both shout at exactly the same time, as they get up from the ground and they suddenly cover the whole area around us in ice and electricity.

Five metallic devices which I assume to be explosive traps are now showing up all of a sudden, completely frozen and with zap marks from Diane's previous electrical currents. The devices were scattered randomly all around the clearing and seemed to have been placed somewhat in a hurry, by the looks of it.

As the stillwater illusions are fading away, we now see that only two of the skeletons were in fact real, and that the four mages had been standing behind one of them this whole time, hidden by Clogworth's illusion. The skeleton that was attacking Daren's barrier got frozen by Kate, while the other skeleton, who was defending the four mages, managed to create a wall of stone in front of them to shield them from Kate and Diane's attacks.

"You double-crossing bastard!" says the necromancer leader to the illusionist mage. "You were going to kill the little girl in that explosion too, weren't you?"


[15] "Actually," I say, "I don't think Loyrang really counts as an enemy anymore since he pretty much--"

"Zip it!" Arraka says. "I don't care if he's still an enemy or not! The point I'm trying to make is that you can't keep letting these types of losers walk all over you like this! You are trying to kill GODS! Act like it, damn it!"

"As far as I know, we're only trying to kill one god," Daren says, as he is now examining the area from where the mages teleported, trying to see if they left any clues behind. "And as it so happens, you were the one who said that you needed time to decipher the illusionist's spell, not us. If you don't want them to get away like this, work faster next time."

"Bah..." Arraka says in indignation, although it doesn't seem like she's planning to provide any counter-arguments to Daren's claim that she did indeed have a contribution to our team's failure this time around.


[16] "Do you concede?" Kate asks Diane, as she keeps twisting the arm.

"Ow, ow, ow, ow!" Diane says.

"Do you concede?" Kate asks her again, a little louder this time.

"I give up, I give up!" Diane says. "You win!"

As soon as Kate lets go of her arm, Diane begins to laugh in a way that we've never heard her laugh before. She sounds almost... at peace. I don't think I've ever seen her so relaxed in our presence before, to the point that it feels like we are only now seeing a hint of the true Diane behind the mask that she's been wearing this whole time.

I think Kate might also be seeing the same thing as me, because she is now smiling, and offering Diane her hand.


[17] "Couldn't you have this conversation while you're walking?..." Arraka says. "The enemies are already gone. What exactly are we still doing here?"

"I'm trying to figure out how the mages teleported out of here," Daren says. "I saw the illusionist using some kind of device, but it was too small to be a teleporter, so I figured that it was just a remote control, and that the real teleporter should still be hidden somewhere around here. Maybe we could make use of it."

"Do you seriously think he'd leave a device like this lying around if it was still usable?" Arraka says. "It's probably one of those... one-use-only teleporting gadgets that you can easily buy on the market if you have enough money. Even I know about them, and I have zero interest in magical devices. You're just wasting your time."

"On the contrary," Daren says. "Those 'one-use-only' gadgets, as you call them can actually be used as amplifiers for your magical power for a whole day if you tweak them a little after they've fulfilled their purpose as teleporting devices. It's a trick that I learned back in my early days of enchanting when I didn't want to waste any materials on--"


[18] "Perfect!" Daren says, as he is now pulling out his enchanting tools from his backpack. "Just give me one minute to turn this into a proper magic amplifier, and then we can go."

"How exactly would one go about using such an amplifier?..." Illuna asks. "Would you have to hold it in your hands while casting spells?"

"No," Daren says, as he is working on the metal sphere with his tools. "It's enough to stand near it, and it will automatically connect itself to your aura. I'll let you test it as soon as I'm done. Just give me a second..."

Once Daren finishes his work on the device, he kicks it lightly and lets it roll all the way to Illuna. He then tells her to give it a try with whatever spell she'd like.

Illuna nods, and she chooses to use the same spell that she had been using to wash dishes earlier this morning. From an outsider's perspective, it's hard to tell the difference between her regular spell and this slightly amplified one, but Illuna at the very least seems to be pretty satisfied with it.

"It's better than I expected," Illuna says. "I can actually keep the spell stable a lot easier with this. How long did you say this amplifier can last?"


[19] By the time the sun was at its highest point in the sky, we had already arrived at the exact edge of the sacred woods, and once we got there, we just stood in place for about half a minute or so, uncertain of how we should continue further.

"Okay, so we're finally here..." Daren tells us, in a relatively indecisive voice. "We have the pinecone detector with us... Now what?"

"I could try to go in really quick and see if the detector activates or not," Hadrik says. "I don't see anyone guarding the border, so if everything works out, we could be gone by the time they send anyone after us!"

"I think Petal and I should be the ones to go in," Flower says. "Unlike the rest of you, the two of us are not forbidden from entering the sacred forest, and it's not like these pinecones are priceless treasures or something. I should be able to take one without anyone missing it."


[20] "Over there!" Flower shouts. "I see one!"

It looks like Flower already activated the detector, because I can indeed see a pinecone glowing brightly with a yellow light from one of the pine trees close to the border. The girl quickly runs towards the tree, she snatches the pinecone from it, and then she lifts it in the air victoriously, while the light from it slowly fades away.


[21] "Now that I take a good look at you all, I see that you've gotten quite a bit stronger since I've last seen you," Eleya says. "Maybe there is something you can do for me in exchange for the pinecone..."

"Sure thing!" Flower says. "Just name your price!"

"You may already know this," the fox says, "but there will be a diplomatic meeting in Galamir soon, concerning the upcoming war against Tyrath's forces, and my second-in-command, Leo, was supposed to attend it. However, due to the constant trespassing of my territory by mages who have been looking for pinecones in the past few days, I have been unable to spare any of my strong warriors to accompany him to his destination."

"Can't you just monitor all of the borders by yourself, and teleport there whenever there's trouble like you did now?" Flower asks, confused.

"My magical sense does not cover the whole continent, and my territories are spread out all over Varathia," Eleya says. "I need my warriors to stay where they are, which is why I am asking you to escort Leo to Galamir, in exchange for the pinecone. As far as I know, that is also where your friends will need to take the pinecone in order to commence their second tournament objective, so this task should not interfere with their schedule. Are you going to accept the deal or not?"


[22] After the fox leaves, the wolf begins to growl at me a few times, and as he is making these noises, I suddenly realize that he's trying to communicate with me in his animal language, like last time, except I can't understand him anymore because I no longer have enough points in my Ancient languages stat.

I try to explain this to him in the Common language, but it doesn't look like he understands me either. Seeing what's happening, Leo eventually offers to be our translator, so that we can finally have our conversation.

"When I overheard the fox talking with Leo about some humans escorting him, I had a feeling that it might be you," says the wolf, in his own language. "I told you last time that I would reward you if you ever came near one of the sacred forests in the future, and I've come here to fulfill that promise. Please take this bracelet. It is my gift to you. May you wear it in good health."

"Hey, thanks a lot!" I say in the Common language, after I listen to the translation from the leopard.

I then pick up the bracelet from the ground and put it around my left wrist, while Leo translates what I just said to the wolf.

"Is there something else that I need to know about it?" I ask. "Like, certain words to activate it, or conditions that have to be met before it starts functioning?"


[23] "When I overheard the fox talking with Leo about some humans escorting him, I had a feeling that it might be you," says the wolf, after the fox leaves. "I told you last time that I would reward you if you ever came near one of the sacred forests in the future, and I've come here to fulfill that promise. Please take this bracelet. It is my gift to you. May you wear it in good health."

"Hey, thanks a lot!" I say.

I then pick up the bracelet from the ground and put it around my left wrist.

"Is there something else that I need to know about it?" I ask. "Like, certain words to activate it, or conditions that have to be met before it starts functioning?"


[24] "Oh... that makes me feel a little better!" Flower says. "In that case, welcome aboard, Leo!"

"Thank you for having me," Leo responds.

"I can't believe we finally got the pinecone..." Hadrik says, in disbelief, while ignoring the leopard. "Are we actually on our way to completing a tournament objective after all this time?!"

"Not that it really matters anymore, but yes, I suppose we are," Daren says.


[25] Just as we were starting to relax, we see Eiden standing in the middle of the road in front of us, with his eyes closed and the same polite smile on his face as always. I wonder what he wants now?...

"Good day, my friends!" Eiden says, once we come closer to him. "I see that you've added a new member to your group. How are things, Leo? It's been a while hasn't it?"

"Yes, it's... been a while," Leo says, looking very uncomfortable.

"Oh, and you've got a glowing pinecone with you as well!" Eiden tells us. "Magnificent work! I'm sure that the tournament organizers will be proud!"


[26] "That was actually my first assumption as well!" Eiden says. "There could have been any number of reasons why Meridith would have wanted to call back all of her troops from the surface, so I paid it no mind during the first two days. However, when I saw that none of them were showing up this morning either, I admit that it began to feel a little strange. So, I decided to do some flying around invisibly for a few hours, to see if I could spot a lessathi from above. And can you guess what I found?"

"...A lessathi?" Flower asks, innocently.

"A lessathi!" Eiden says. "Exactly, Flower! But you see, the problem with this lessathi was that I could only sense his aura from a very close distance. This made me a bit suspicious, so I analyzed the bracelet that he was wearing under his sleeve to mask his presence from me, and what do you know... it had been upgraded to be a hundred times more powerful than before! A hundred times! You wouldn't happen to have any idea why they would have done such a thing, would you, Barry?"

"Listen, it was a mistake!" I blurt out. "I didn't know that it was supposed to be a secret, so I let it slip to Meridith that you could sense her lessathi troops from afar! Read my aura. I'm not lying!"

"Indeed, you are not lying!" Eiden says. "And as we all know, what is truly important is to acknowledge our mistakes, to learn from them, and to make sure that they don't happen again. Isn't that right, Barry?"

"Uh... yes, of course!" I say.


[27] "You know what?" Hadrik says, as he goes in front of Diane as well. "You can take your generous offer and shove it up your arse. You won't be doing anything to Diane while I'm still standing."

"I'm sorry, but I really don't see how you could stop me," Eiden says, with a very puzzled expression on his face, while still keeping his eyes closed.

"Calm down, Eiden," Daren says. "You don't want to be doing something you'll regret..."

"Hmm..." Eiden says. "Perhaps I've been a little too friendly with your group lately. You seem to once again be forgetting who you are dealing with. Allow me to give you a little reminder."

We then feel a powerful invisible force pushing us down, until we are all pinned to the ground, except for Kate, Diane and the leopard.

"NGH..." Daren groans. "Eiden, knock it off! Do you hear me?"

"Since Diane is such a good friend of yours, I will give you the chance to save her, Kate," Eiden says, while ignoring Daren.

Just as he is done saying this, Diane suddenly begins to choke, gasping for air, as she is being lifted into the air by Eiden's aura manipulation technique.

"If you can stop me by the time your friend runs out of air, I might consider not executing her on the spot," Eiden says. "Let's see how much you've really improved from your training."


[28] "You really like to hear yourself talk, don't you?" Hadrik says, with a grin, as he instantly dashes in front of Eiden and tries to punch him, but only manages to make a hole in the ground, as Eiden jumps out of the way easily.

"I see that you are eager to resume our duel from the beginning of the tournament," Eiden tells Hadrik. "Shall I abstain from using magic again, to make it more sporting?"

"Sure, you can do whatever you want," Hadrik says, as he rushes towards Eiden again, and tries to overwhelm his defenses with a series of quick punches.

For the first ten seconds or so, it looked like Eiden had the upper hand, dodging every single one of Hadrik's attacks effortlessly. However, after a relatively short amount of time, we could see the tide of battle shifting rapidly in Hadrik's favor, as he was now pushing Eiden back and forcing him in a much more defensive position.


[29] "I fixed a lot more than just my protection overload, Eiden," Daren says. "But if you want to see our improvements so badly, here! Let me show you!"

Daren then begins to swing his sword at Eiden, while using his more Nolderan-like combat style that he's been practicing for the past few days since he stopped wearing his armor. As the two of them are fighting, I can hear Arraka mumbling to herself like a crazy person from inside her amulet.

"No, no, no..." Arraka says. "It's too soon for this. If Eiden gets serious, this is over... He's going to ruin everything!"


[30] "You disappoint me, Barry," Eiden says. "Your friends immediately understood that this time there was no room for negotiation, so they decided to take the most logical course of action and bet their lives on the very small chance that they might defeat me. In the meantime, what are you doing? Trying to cling to the hope that I might spare you again for my own amusement? Thinking that your empty declaration to save all of the Varathian cities will somehow guarantee that I'd never kill you under any circumstances? What was the point of dedicating your entire life to becoming a mage, if you're not even willing to use your magic to save you in such a dire moment? Tell me, Barry, were you in fact just a coward this whole time?..."

My instincts immediately tell me that this is not like any of the other times when I've faced Eiden before. This time he's actually planning to kill me for real. I need to get away from here, quick.


[31] "That sword of yours is admittedly becoming a bit of a nuisance," Eiden says, as he now extends his arm towards Daren and does a pulling motion with it.

"Oh, by all means, take my sword!" Daren says, as he lets go of his weapon and lets it fly towards Eiden.

As the sword is approaching him, it begins to accelerate and spin very rapidly like a rotor blade. This forces Eiden to teleport out of the way once again, but the blade just keeps following him every time he disappears and reappears.

"What's the matter?" Daren says, as he is moving his hands to change the direction of his blade. "Don't want my sword anymore?"

Seeing that teleporting is not working, Eiden tries to blast the flying weapon away with air magic, but the spinning sword just absorbs the air element and sends it right back at him by itself.

As soon as the spinning rotor blade reaches its target again, Eiden teleports away once more, but this time he attempts to fly out of its way instead of disappearing.

"That's an illusion, you idiot!!!" Arraka shouts. "The real Eiden is invisible behind you!"


[32] And for that, I'm going to need some help.

"Flower, Illuna," I say. "We need to put some more pressure on Eiden. Can I count on you?"

"I trust that you've come up with a plan of some sort?" Illuna asks me.

"I have, but I'd rather not talk about it out loud, because I'm not sure how much Eiden has enhanced his hearing ability," I say.

"Understood," Illuna says. "In that case, whenever you're ready."

I nod at her, and then I turn to Kate, who is still standing near the unconscious Diane, in order to be ready to defend her from harm.


[33] "I'll try to provide support to you from afar," I tell Illuna, as I fly further away, to put some distance between me and Eiden. "I think I might have some spells that can--"

"Provide support from afar?" I hear Eiden's voice, who teleported right next to me while I was talking. "You only now decided to join the battle after so long, and this is what you have to say? Since when have you turned into such a coward, Barry?"


[34] When Flower gets closer, Illuna conjures a few water lances out of thin air and she launches them at Eiden, who moves his right hand slightly and evaporates the projectiles with a large column of fire.

"Are we adding new combatants?" Eiden says, while raising an eyebrow. "Maybe it's time for me to start using fifteen percent of my power, then!"

"Fifteen percent?" Hadrik says. "You smart-mouthed little--"

The whole area around Eiden suddenly gets covered in fire, as Daren uses his shield to defend himself and Hadrik, while Illuna creates a large pillar of water in front of us to slow down the flames while we fly away.


[35] In the meantime, Hadrik decides to join in on the fun by picking up a tree of his own from the ground, jumping at Eiden and trying to smash his head in with it.

"Now this is just ridiculous..." Eiden says, as he is blocking Hadrik's tree with one hand, and using his other hand to shield himself from my constant rock throwing.

Eiden now teleports next to me again and attempts to attack me with a spell, but I make use of my superhuman speed and reflexes to not give him even the slightest chance to target me. I keep moving left and right, faster than the eye can see, trying to make it as hard as possible for him to get a good lock on me with even the quickest spells in existence.

Seeing that his targeted spells are not working, Eiden conjures ten large boulders out of nowhere and throws them all in my general direction, so that he can be sure that at least one of them will hit me. I stop for a split second to punch through one of the boulders, but this gives Eiden the time to cast a very quick fire spell, which covers my entire body before I have the time to react. Luckily for me, my maxed Aura hardening stat was enough to keep me from getting incinerated, even though I could feel a very intense heat for a second or two.

All of a sudden, Daren's sword comes spinning rapidly towards Eiden, forcing him to temporarily go on the defensive, as he teleports away constantly while the blade keeps following him.


[36] "Let's attack him together," I tell Illuna and Flower. "I'll try to keep him busy with my spells as much as possible."

"Oh?..." I hear Eiden saying, who apparently teleported right next to me. "Are you that eager to test your newly acquired magic on a stillwater, Barry? In that case, I will try my best to live up to your expectations!"

I immediately use my air currents to propel myself backwards so that I can give myself a little room to maneuver, and then I begin with a very simple lightning spell to test my enemy's defenses.

"Ah... the classic lightning spell starter tactic," Eiden says. "I heard that it's pretty popular to begin mage duels like this in the Western Continent! So, did you find any weaknesses in my protection spells?"

He is clearly baiting me at the moment. The lightning spell I used just now showed me a glaring weakness in his passive protections that even a beginner could detect. However, I very much doubt that he would bother setting up a trap against my level one magic stats, so I will play his game for now.


[37] "Hah!" Hadrik says, as he is flapping his wings to maintain his altitude. "I had a feeling that this type of shapeshifting would work better while I'm not drunk! It almost makes me want to be sober more often to try it out. Almost!"

He then proceeds to attack Eiden once more, forcing him to temporarily switch targets to the dwarf for the time being, as the two of them are now flying all over the place and trading blows one after the other.

It's good that Hadrik is keeping Eiden busy, but I should probably start thinking of a way to go on the offensive myself, unless I want to let Eiden control the entire flow of the battle.


[38] What is going on?! I know for certain that this spell can only be cast once a day and it has a very clear time limit. Did I confuse it with some other spell?

I keep trying to dodge the explosions, but their numbers are just growing exponentially until there is nowhere left for me to avoid them and I fly straight into three of them, which kill me in an instant.


[39] All of a sudden, I remember that Arraka actually mentioned this to me a few days ago, when I asked her to give me a few examples of loopholes that Eiden used against her during the still winter. Essentially, Eiden is using a design flaw of the spell to extend its duration far beyond its limit, similarly to what he was doing with the time freezing spell. However, by doing this he is also creating a new flaw in the spell, which I am about to exploit right now.

Realizing that my moving around only generates additional explosions, I simply stop in mid-air and let his spell end naturally. This causes the explosions to fade away very quickly, and as I was hoping, no new ones are being created anymore.

"Looks like Arraka was right," I tell Eiden, who was now floating a few feet away from me. "This really was the correct way to stop you from abusing this loophole."

"Ah, of course..." Eiden says. "Arraka again."

This isn't going to work. If I keep letting him control the entire flow of the battle like this, he will eventually just end up killing me. I need to go on the offensive somehow.


[40] Out of the blue, an enormous flying orangutan pops up in front of me, wearing a party hat on his head and holding a bottle of ale in his left hand.

"Could you have made this illusion any more obvious?" I tell Eiden. "There's no way you actually summoned a--"

The orangutan in front of me suddenly reaches his right arm for me, and before I have the time to realize that it's not in fact an illusion, he closes his fist around my head and squashes it like a watermelon.


[41] With the corner of my eye, I see Kate raising her scepter and aiming it at Eiden, ready to attack.

"Kate, not yet!" I shout, as she now lowers her scepter after hearing my voice.

Eiden may have been caught by surprise a little, but he is by no means defenseless. He could still easily stop Kate's ice beam if he had the time to react. In order to make him not be aware of his surroundings at all, we need one final push.


[42] "Did I ever tell you how I've faced Arraka in her strongest form, while I was armed with only a dagger and yet I still came out on top?" I ask him.

"You don't seem to be lying," Eiden says, "but something tells me that there are some very crucial details from that story that you are omitting on purpose."

"Believe what you want," I tell him. "Here I come!"

I then begin to fly towards Eiden, slashing my dagger at him, while he dodges every one of my attacks effortlessly, with a very puzzled expression on his face. As I keep attacking him without hitting him a single time, I'm gradually starting to think that maybe this wasn't as good an idea as I originally thought.


[43] I fire a lightning spell towards Eiden without thinking, but he already disappeared. I now immediately turn around and start to shoot flames out of my hands at the empty air behind me, thinking that Eiden was trying to hide invisibly again in the same way that he did against Daren, but it doesn't seem like I'm hitting anything.

Just as I thought I was safe, I can feel Eiden's invisible hand grabbing my head from above and exploding it into a thousand pieces, killing me in an instant.


[44] Eiden quickly teleports somewhere to the ground and he begins casting a healing spell on his open chest wound. Luckily, my dagger didn't also get teleported with him, so I was not left without my reliable weapon.

Just as Eiden's wound is beginning to close, his head gets surrounded by a sphere of water made by Illuna, which seems to have caught him completely off guard, because I can already hear him making drowning noises. He attempts to fly around a bit, in the hopes that he can shake off the spell, but Illuna's practice with the dish washing seems to have paid off, and the water sphere remains tightly glued to his head.

With the corner of my eye, I see Kate raising her scepter and aiming it at Eiden, ready to attack.

"Kate, not yet!" I shout, as she now lowers her scepter after hearing my voice.

Eiden may have been caught by surprise a little, but he is by no means defenseless. He could still easily stop Kate's ice beam if he had the time to react. In order to make him not be aware of his surroundings at all, we need one final push.


[45] "I'm going to be honest with you, Barry," Eiden says. "That 'dish washing' spell annoyed me a little."

I fire a lightning spell towards Eiden without thinking, but he already disappeared. I now immediately turn around and start to shoot flames out of my hands at the empty air behind me, thinking that Eiden was trying to hide invisibly again in the same way that he did against Daren, but it doesn't seem like I'm hitting anything.

Just as I thought I was safe, I can feel Eiden's invisible hand grabbing my head from above and exploding it into a thousand pieces, killing me in an instant.


[46] "Dish washing spell? Teleporting device?" says Eiden, who has been watching all of this unfold with great interest. "Something tells me that I should stop this from happening, but my curiosity is getting the better of me..."

"Don't worry, you're gonna love it!" I tell Eiden.

All of a sudden, Eiden's head gets surrounded by a sphere of water, made by Illuna. I don't see him drowning yet, but he can't be too comfortable either, from the expression he is making. After unsuccessfully trying to shake the water away by flying sideways, Eiden is now teleporting really fast all over the place, in an attempt to make Illuna lose control of her spell.


[47] Unfortunately, due to the imperfect nature of my air currents, I do not manage to fly out of the way fast enough, and the flames cover my entire body. Unable to withstand the heat, I quickly burn to a crisp and die in the next few moments.


[48] Unfortunately, due to the imperfect nature of my air currents, I do not manage to fly out of the way fast enough, and the flames cover my entire body. However, thanks to my maxed Aura hardening stat I was able to withstand his attack, even though it got very hot for a second, there.

Once I manage to extract enough energy from Eiden, I can feel myself gaining access to most of the spells that I had when I fought against Tyrath the first time. Since I don't exactly have a lot of time on my hands, I choose what seems to be the most useful spell of the bunch, and cast it on Eiden immediately.

I spawn a large flaming meteor right above Eiden's head, and it crashes into him before he gets a chance to react. The meteor drags him all the way down in a matter of seconds, causing a big explosion once it hits the ground, and at the same time I can also feel the energy that I stole from him getting completely depleted. From the looks of him, it doesn't seem like my meteor did any major damage to him, but even for someone of his caliber, it couldn't have been easy to defend against it.

Just as Eiden is getting back up on his feet, his head gets surrounded by a sphere of water made by Illuna, which seems to have caught him completely off guard, because I can already hear him making drowning noises. He attempts to fly around a bit, in the hopes that he can shake off the spell, but Illuna's practice with the dish washing seems to have paid off, and the water sphere remains tightly glued to his head.


[49] Luckily, my air currents react flawlessly to my command, and I manage to get away from it just in time.

Once I manage to extract enough energy from Eiden, I can feel myself gaining access to most of the spells that I had when I fought against Tyrath the first time. Since I don't exactly have a lot of time on my hands, I choose what seems to be the most useful spell of the bunch, and cast it on Eiden immediately.

I spawn a large flaming meteor right above Eiden's head, and it crashes into him before he gets a chance to react. The meteor drags him all the way down in a matter of seconds, causing a big explosion once it hits the ground, and at the same time I can also feel the energy that I stole from him getting completely depleted. From the looks of him, it doesn't seem like my meteor did any major damage to him, but even for someone of his caliber, it couldn't have been easy to defend against it.

Just as Eiden is getting back up on his feet, his head gets surrounded by a sphere of water made by Illuna, which seems to have caught him completely off guard, because I can already hear him making drowning noises. He attempts to fly around a bit, in the hopes that he can shake off the spell, but Illuna's practice with the dish washing seems to have paid off, and the water sphere remains tightly glued to his head.


[50] Just as I'd hoped, Eiden doesn't block the spell at all, and he gets encased in a large block of ice, unable to move an inch. Wow, this has gone so much better than I thought it would! Now there is only one final step left and everything will be over! One final step...

As I calm down and think about this final step more clearly, I suddenly realize that there may have been a huge flaw in my plan that I hadn't accounted for at all. This whole plan was originally designed to kill the past version of Arraka, not Eiden. It goes without saying that Daren would be able to kill Arraka's copy without any hint of hesitation, but does the same apply for Eiden?...

Taking a look at Daren now, it is clear that he understands his role in this plan and knows the gravity of the situation, but even so, he is just staring at the block of ice with his sword in his hands, unable to act.

I think I know exactly what must be going through his head in this moment. The entire fight, Daren has been focused on stabbing Eiden once with his enchanted sword, so that he could cut off his connection to the magical plane and make him essentially powerless, without actually killing him. Now he has in front of him a large block of ice, of unknown durability, which he needs to cut through in order to get to Eiden. If he were to use his full strength, he could easily cut Eiden in half along with the ice, and kill him on the spot, but if he were to want to only lightly stab him in order to cut off his source of energy, he would need surgical precision.


[51] "NO!!!" Flower shouts, with desperation in her voice, as her eyes turn bright red and the aura around her body is now visibly burning. "Leave them alone!!!"

She then shoots a fire beam of her own at Eiden, which is almost comparable to the one that he just used against Daren. However, unlike Daren, Eiden seems to actually be able to defend against such an attack, even though he does seem to be expending at least a moderate amount of effort to do it.

"Flower, you're burning through your energy too fast!" Illuna says, in a panicked tone. "You have to stop!"

"I can't!!!" Flower says. "I'm our last chance! I have to do this! I have to--"

Suddenly, Eiden teleports behind her and he hits the back of her neck slightly with the side of his palm. This causes both Flower and Illuna to lose consciousness, as the only members of our group still awake are now me, Kate, Daren and Arraka.

Kate is now attempting to create some icicles with her scepter, but her magical energy was completely drained by her ice beam from before, and she is barely even able to stand up. In the meantime, Daren uses all of his strength to push himself from the ground, so that he can at least look Eiden in the eye when he talks to him.

"Damn it, Eiden!" Daren shouts. "I know this isn't the real you! I know this isn't what you want! So, why? Why are you doing this?!"


[52] "No," Eiden says, simply. "I can't be bothered to tell you the myriad of reasons why Diane needs to die, and even if I did, you would still not accept it. You had your chance to stop me, but you've failed. Now... you must face the consequences."

"EIDEN!!!" Arraka shouts all of a sudden, in a more furious tone than we've ever heard her speak in before. "If you kill any of them, I promise you that I will spend the rest of my life traveling the infinite space of the ether until I find your sanctuary, then I will rip your soul out of it with my bare hands and torture it for all eternity!!! Do you understand me?! I am going to make your life a literal hell!!!"

"What in the world has gotten into you?..." Eiden says, looking very confused. "I'm not going to kill Flower, if that's what you're worried about. I'm still keeping my promise to the old fox for the time being, at least."

"Did you start closing your ears along with your eyes?!" Arraka says. "I said that if you kill ANY of them, I am going to make you regret it for as long as you'll live! Do you have any idea how much work I've put into this plan? It's the first time I've felt so alive in five thousand years!!! And now you want to take that away from me? To take my perfect revenge against the gods away from me?! You have no idea to what lengths I am willing to go to make your life miserable if you go through with this!"

"Hold on, there..." Eiden says. "For a second, it almost sounded like you were saying that you've been training these people to kill the gods in your place, but clearly that's not what you meant?..."

"It is EXACTLY what I meant, you pompous cretin!!!" Arraka shouts.


[53] "What did you-- how--" Eiden begins to say, as he seems to be looking somewhere far off in the distance, but Azarius interrupts him.

"I discovered those detection spells of yours that you've been planting all over the continent weeks ago," Azarius says. "I figured that they were very important to you, so I've been tampering with them in secret, while suppressing my aura so you couldn't notice it from a distance. As you have just seen, one snap of my fingers is enough for me to cancel one of your spells and undo hours of your work. Also, it's impossible to fix my tampering without remaking them from scratch. Oh, and most importantly, if you kill me, every single one of your detection spells will be undone, and all of your work for the past few weeks will have been completely wasted!"


[54] "Indeed," Azarius says.

There is a short pause during which Azarius and Eiden are just looking at each other, and it feels like Eiden is considering whether his current desire to kill Azarius could actually justify him throwing away several weeks' worth of work.

"It looks like you're giving me no choice, then," Eiden tells Azarius. "I will let you all live for now. But you should know that I am greatly looking forward to the moment when I will get to kill you."

"Yes, that is understandable," Azarius says, completely unfazed by Eiden's threat.

"Hahahaha!" Arraka laughs at Eiden. "Serves you right, you arrogant buffoon!"


[55] "Henry," Azarius corrects Daren. "And yes, I am still travelling with him, but I had to temporarily leave him behind when I teleported to you, because this was a little too dangerous for him. He knows how to make his way here, so he should be with us shortly."

"This is probably going to sound a little rude after you saved our lives," Kate says, "but I couldn't help but notice that your timing was extremely precise. You appeared at the exact moment when Eiden was about to execute us, and Eiden did mention that you were spying on us from afar. Were you able to hear what we were saying during this time by any chance?"


[56] "So, would you mind telling us what this is all about, sage Azarius?" Kate asks him, suspiciously.

"Ah yes," Azarius says. "You see, throughout my long life I have attained many things: fame, power, knowledge... but even though I've acquired things that most people only dream of, and I've admittedly achieved many of the goals that I've set for myself when I was very young, there is still one last goal that I haven't quite managed to accomplish yet, which is coincidentally also the reason why I decided to join this tournament."

"I feel like I'm going to regret asking this," Kate says, "but what exactly is this goal you are talking about?"

