
[1] 

[2] "Do you guys think I should fly ahead and do some scouting before we run into them?" I ask the others, as Flower closes the transceiver.

"Look, Barry," Daren says, "I know you're excited to try out your new flying technique in an actual non-training scenario, but maybe this isn't really the right time to do it. I doubt you could find out much more about them by watching them from above than we already know from their auras, but if they have really long-ranged spells in their arsenal, you could risk getting attacked. Let's all stick together for now, okay?"


[3] "Well, I'm most certainly not going down there to find out," I say. "Hmm... From the way they are dressed, it looks like three of them are followers of the God of Death, and one of them is a follower of the God of Fate. Also, it was only for a brief moment, but I think the illusionist was just done burying something in the ground right before we got a good look at him. What about you? Did you notice anything?"

"Uh... I see that they're not trying to attack us, so I guess that's good?..." Flower says.

"They're not attacking," I say, "but they've stopped in the middle of this large area without trees that would be perfect for an all-out battle, and they're clearly waiting for us to come to them. We should probably go back to our friends before these guys decide to not be so friendly anymore."

"Agreed," Illuna says. "We've already seen everything that could be seen from this distance. There is no point in staying here any longer."


[4] "Well, I'm most certainly not going down there to find out," I say. "Hmm... Aside from the fact that three of them are dressed in black and the fourth is dressed in green, I'm not really seeing anything out of the ordinary. What about you?"

"Uh... I see that they're not trying to attack us, so I guess that's good?..." Flower says.

"They're not attacking," I say, "but they've stopped in the middle of this large area without trees that would be perfect for an all-out battle, and they're clearly waiting for us to come to them. We should probably go back to our friends before these guys decide to not be so friendly anymore."

"Agreed," Illuna says. "We've already seen everything that could be seen from this distance. There is no point in staying here any longer."


[5] "Well, I'm most certainly not going down there to find out," I say. "Hmm... From the way they are dressed, it looks like three of them are followers of the God of Death, and one of them is a follower of the God of Fate, but aside from that, I'm not really seeing anything out of the ordinary. What about you?"

"Uh... I see that they're not trying to attack us, so I guess that's good?..." Flower says.

"They're not attacking," I say, "but they've stopped in the middle of this large area without trees that would be perfect for an all-out battle, and they're clearly waiting for us to come to them. We should probably go back to our friends before these guys decide to not be so friendly anymore."

"Agreed," Illuna says. "We've already seen everything that could be seen from this distance. There is no point in staying here any longer."


[6] Just as Daren was about to call out to them, one of the necromancers steps in front of his group and shouts to us instead.

"Before we begin," the necromancer says, "I would first like to congratulate you all for actually showing up to face us even after sensing our obviously superior magical power! Most people tend to cower in fear before us, so you are at least to be commended for your bravery, if nothing else."

"You're kidding, right?" Daren says to him. "It's clear as day that we're way stronger than you. And there are more of us too. Is your magical sense defective or something?"

After hearing what Daren had to say, all three of the necromancers begin to laugh in unison, until the necromancer in front of them, who seems to be a leader, of sorts, slowly becomes silent again and signals the other two to do the same.

"The only thing that is clear" the necromancer says, "is that your simple minds cannot even begin to comprehend the immense difference in power between us devout followers of our god, and you faithless wretches who have to use books and scrolls to even have any chance at casting mediocre spells. But since you have amused me today, I am inclined to let you live, as long as you hand over the little girl to us without posing any resistance."

"What?..." Daren asks, confused. "Why?... What business could you possibly have with Flower?"


[7] "You would have never found them without my help," says the God of Fate follower. "Your god does not grant you any spells that allow you to find other people's locations from afar, and I was the only follower of my god who was actively looking for this exact group. That is also why you agreed to help me eliminate them once we found them, unless you already forgot."

"Everyone knows that you are insane, Clogworth," the necromancer leader says. "I was never intending to keep my promises to you to begin with."

"So, now you're telling me to my face that you were lying to me, is that it?" says Clogworth, the God of Fate follower.

"Can I kill them now, or are we going to politely wait for them to stop talking before we attack them?" Kate whispers to us.

"Give me a minute," Daren whispers back. "I'm trying to use what Arraka taught me about auras to figure out if they placed any magical traps around here or not."


[8] "Do I attack them or not?" Kate whispers to us again. "I swear, I'm only waiting for a single one of you to tell me 'yes', and then I'm unleashing my icicles upon them."


[9] "I'll help you as soon as I deal with these annoying necromancers," Kate says, as she uses her scepter to create four much bigger cones of ice, which she now sends towards the four enemy mages at an explosive speed, managing to shatter the stillwater's barrier quite easily.

However, despite her icicles properly reaching their targets this time, her attacks do not have the desired effect at all, because the projectiles just go straight through the four mages as if they weren't even there.

"They were illusions this whole time?!" Arraka shouts, all of a sudden.

"Damn it, Arraka!" Daren says, as he is still struggling to keep his barrier up against the relentless attacks of the skeleton stillwaters. "I thought you were supposed to be helping! You have the sharpest magical sense in the team by far, and you still couldn't figure out that they were illusions?!"


[10] "I honestly don't know," I answer him. "With the rate at which the energy is being leaked from them, it might just not be enough to trigger my temporary boost in stats. How's your barrier holding up?"

"Pretty well, actually," Daren says. "Despite the enormous magical power radiating from their auras, their attacks are surprisingly weak. Look, they're not even getting past Kate's ice dome at the moment!"

"Hmm..." I say. "Maybe they're not really stillwaters? Or maybe they're conserving their energy for some reason. Oh, or what if--"

I don't get to finish what I had to say, because one second later a huge explosion envelops us all out of nowhere, giving us no time to react to it. I barely even had any time to realize what happened to me before I lost my consciousness for good.


[11] "One minute, huh?..." Daren says, while the one hundred stillwaters continue to attack his barrier with all sorts of strong spells. "Can anyone else please help me reinforce this barrier? I'd rather not start fighting them until Barry can join the fight properly with his emergency stats."

"I'm on it," Kate says, as she begins to create a semi-transparent dome of reinforced ice around Daren's barrier.

For the next minute or so, I just stand there with the stat device in my right hand, looking at its screen and waiting for it to give me my Emergency mode option. However, despite waiting more than I did last time, the option still does not appear.

"Any luck with your 'Emergency mode', Barry?" Daren asks me.

"Not yet," I say. "I don't understand why it's taking so long. Maybe it's because these skeletons were better created than the other ones we fought. Now that I examine them more closely, they do seem to be leaking far less energy than the ones made by Zack, the necromancer, even though there are a hundred of them."


[12] "I wasn't going to kill her until you told me to my face that you were planning to betray me," Clogworth says, as he seems to be quickly tapping some buttons on a small device that he is holding in his hand. "These explosives were meant as a last resort, in case you turned out to be too incompetent to finish the job. I suppose this is what I get for trying to rely on my teammates. I should have just used the explosives from the start."

"Don't let them get away, you nitwits!!!" Arraka shouts at us, angrily. "Kill them! Kill them!!!"

"They're getting away?..." Hadrik asks, confused.

"We're getting away?!" the necromancer shouts, at the same time.

"Shut it," Clogworth tells his teammate, in a disgusted tone, and then he pushes one last button on his device.


[13] "Are there any more hidden explosives that we should be aware of?" Illuna says. "I wouldn't want to blow up by accident after the enemy has already retreated..."

"No," Arraka says, as she is now calming down. "The illusionist placed most of those traps in a hurry, so he didn't have time to set up too many of them. I caught him while he was stacking up traps right next to Daren's barrier and Kate's dome, hidden by his illusion. Then he began running as soon as I warned you about the traps and he detonated them remotely."

"How far away did they teleport?" Kate asks.

"Far enough for me to not be able to sense them anymore," Arraka says. "They're probably in their home base by now."


[14] "Come on..." Kate tells her. "Get up."

"I can't believe you did that!" Diane says, as she grabs Kate's hand, with tears in her eyes from the laughing. "I wasn't expecting that at all!"

"What are you talking about?..." Kate says, as she helps her get back up. "You're the one who wanted the rematch, aren't you?"

"Yes, but I was only teasing you!" Diane says. "The old Kate from the Beacon would have never accepted my challenge so directly. You used to be so shy! I think I like this new version of Kate!"


[15] "Ugh..." Arraka groans, audibly. "Even if you can find some use for it, you'll never be able to retrieve it. The green-robed wimp hid the device behind an illusion that remained active even after he teleported away, which means that it's likely even more complicated than the one I already deciphered. Since I couldn't care less about your lame magic amplifier, and you obviously can't see through the illusion by yourself, the only solution would be to wait until the spell runs out, which could last for days. Or, if you're really desperate, I suppose you could dig up the entire area until you find it, because I'm assuming that he must have buried it somewhere. Are you up for a few hours of digging, Daren?"

"Okay, I get your point," Daren says. "Let's move on."

"Music to my ears!" Arraka tells him.


[16] "One full day at most," Daren says. "You can hold on to it if you want. It could prove useful if things go badly in the sacred woods later today. Hopefully we can resolve things peacefully, though..."

"Hadrik can keep it for now," Illuna says. "I'd rather not carry this big ball of metal the whole way there. I'll ask him to hand it over to me if I ever feel like I need it."

"Alright, I'll carry this for you in my backpack," Hadrik says. "But just so you know, it would be nice to hear you say the words 'please' and 'thank you' every once in a while when you make requests like these."

"Please and thank you," Illuna says, curtly, in the most disinterested tone possible.

"Close enough," Hadrik says, as he grabs the metal device from the ground and puts it in his backpack.

"I guess we're done here, then," Daren says. "Let's head out!"


[17] "Flower makes a good point," Daren says. "But I'm also not sure how much I like the idea of us splitting up."

"For starters, I could try to check this area right at the border of the sacred woods," Flower says. "Maybe with a little luck we'll find a pinecone here and we won't need to look any further!"

"That doesn't sound so bad," Daren says. "What do you guys think?"

"I say she should go for it!" Hadrik says. "We'll be right here, in case something happens."

"Fine with me," Kate says, as she hands the thin metallic tablet that she had been holding in her hands to Flower. "Here's the pinecone detector. Do you know how to use it?"

"Umm, yeah!" Flower says. "Just press on this button, right? Should be easy enough! Alright, here I go. Wish me luck!"


[18] "I got it!" Flower says, happily. "I got it!"

Mere moments after making her declaration, a large column of yellow light appears out of nowhere behind Flower, and once it disappears, we see that the golden fox was now standing in its place. 

Although Flower most likely noticed the fox teleporting behind her, she seems to be frozen in place, unable to speak a word.


[19] "Uh, yes... I think... I mean, if everyone else agrees..." Flower says, as she takes a quick look towards us and she sees us all nodding at her. "But... are you sure that you want to send Leo alone with us? Wouldn't it be safer to send him to Galamir alone than with a group of human mages?"

"Flower..." Eleya says. "During the twenty years since I've met you, you've done nothing but help the animals in my care, without ever expecting anything in return. And as much as I hate to admit it, in the end you were right about Illuna, and she has proven to be a trustworthy ally over the years. I've also verified that she was indeed telling the truth about Arraka being the one who instigated the tragic incident of the so-called 'sacred woods massacre', and while it is hard to say that she will ever be forgiven for what she has done, her actions were at least understandable, given the context."

"Hmph," Illuna says, simply.

"Therefore," the fox continues, "if you give me your word that you will do your best to safely escort Leo to Galamir, that will be enough reassurance for me."

"Wow, Eleya," Flower says. "I don't know what to say. Thank you! And yes, I give you my word. I will do my best to escort Leo to Galamir safely!"

"Very well," the fox says. "In that case, I will bring him to you in a moment. Wait here."

"Huh..." says Hadrik, after Eleya teleports away from us. "I guess the fox really does have a soft spot for Flower. Who would have thought, eh?"


[20] "This type of artifact does not have an equivalent in your human world, so it is a little hard for me to explain it to you," the wolf says, "but it will work much better if you don't know exactly what it does. You can think of it as a... good luck charm, of sorts. It is meant to help you when facing a foe that has an overwhelming amount of power compared to you. However, it will only activate once, so you should not rely on it after its one use has been exhausted."

"That sounds very interesting," I tell him. "I'll make sure to wear this at all times, then. Thanks again. It was a pleasure to meet you once more!"

"The pleasure was all mine, human," the wolf says. "Safe travels to you and your friends!"

"Shall we proceed, then?" Diane asks us.

"Indeed," the leopard says. "I trust that you know how to get to Galamir from here?"

"Of course," Diane says. "The easiest way is to find the main road and just follow the signs. It's one of the most visited cities in Varathia, after all."

"Yes, that is the path I usually take as well," Leo says. "The quickest way to the main road is in this direction. Let's go."


[21] "I wonder if we'll be the first ones to arrive to Galamir with the pinecone!" Hadrik says.

"Can you stop saying over and over that we're carrying the glowing pinecone with us?" Illuna says. "The last thing we want is to make ourselves into even bigger targets than we already are."

"Right, right, of course," Hadrik says, in a sarcastic tone. "That would only lead to unnecessary fights. Who would ever want that?"


[22] "Is there any... particular reason why you chose to visit us this time?" Daren asks.

"There are a few..." Eiden says. "First of all, I wanted to ask you if you've given any more thought to Meridith's deal about killing me. It's been more than two days since then, so I was thinking that this topic of conversation may have come up once or twice, no?"


[23] "Perfect!" Eiden says, joyfully. "So, we are in agreement, then. Diane must die!"

"What?!" Kate shouts, all of a sudden, while the rest of us are just watching Eiden, in stunned silence.

"Come now, Kate..." Eiden says. "Surely you must have realized it by now. The fact that your friend, Diane, is Meridith's second-in-command means that in all likelihood, most of the information that you've divulged to her is likely to reach Meridith's ears once your friend returns home. This means that whatever you may have told her about me in these past two days and a half will reach Meridith as well, and I'm afraid I can't allow that to happen."

"There were other things that you told us about you that you don't want Meridith to know?" I ask Eiden.

"I honestly don't have a clue," Eiden says, while shrugging. "The idea never came to me to tell you not to inform Meridith about my ability to sense the lessathi from afar, so thinking about it logically, there may well have been some other important details that you've found out about me during the many discussions we've had in the past few weeks. Since I can't be bothered to remember every single conversation I've had with you, and I very much doubt that you can recall every discussion you've had with Diane about me either, the simplest solution to my quandary is to remove Diane from the equation completely. Wouldn't you agree?"


[24] "You monster!" Kate says, as she uses her scepter to conjure a few very powerful icicles and to send them directly towards Eiden at an explosive speed.

Eiden, however blocks them effortlessly with a semi-transparent barrier in front of him, as he continues to choke Diane.

"Eiden, I'm warning you!" Daren says, as we are all still being pinned to the ground.

In the meantime, Kate seems to have given up on targeting Eiden directly with her icicles, and she is now aiming them somewhere between Eiden and Diane instead, in an attempt to interrupt his aura manipulation technique.

"Now you're not even trying," Eiden tells Kate, not realizing what she is attempting to do. "Can't you see that none of your icicles are hitting me anymore?"

As Diane finally loses her consciousness due to the lack of air, Kate conjures a much more powerful ice cone than before, and this time she shoots it at just the right angle and speed to successfully disrupt Eiden's aura technique. This makes Diane fall to the ground, while Kate quickly runs to her side, in order to check if she is still breathing.

"She's alive..." Kate says, as she lets out a sigh of relief. "She's still alive..."


[25] Eventually, Eiden was no longer able to avoid one of the punches, and he had no choice but to block it, while being thrown ten feet backwards due to the impact.

"Hey, now, whatever happened to not using magic?" Hadrik asks Eiden, with a wide grin on his face. "Or are you going to claim that this wasn't a magical barrier that you used to defend yourself a second ago?"

Eiden frowns at him, but he does not answer his question.

"That thing where you read my aura to predict my next move is impressive," Hadrik says, "but unfortunately for you, Daren's been doing it to me for days now, and I already have a pretty good idea how to counter it. As long as I don't have a clear image in my head of where my next attack will be and rely on my instincts to do most of the work, the aura gets jumbled enough for you to not be able to get a good reading of it most of the time. In other words, you may as well just stop using that technique altogether because it's useless against me."

"Eiden, let's just stop this nonsense," Daren says, as he is slowly approaching Eiden. "You're not thinking straight. This isn't like you."


[26] It's funny, because I was just thinking the same thing. If Eiden were to get serious now and use the same amount of magical power that he displayed against Tyrath's magma-form in the Thilias arena, this fight will end in a flash. Our only chances are to de-escalate the conflict somehow or to beat him while he's still messing around and not unleashing his full power.

To be quite honest, I'm still having some trouble accepting the reality in front of me. After having avoided a conflict with Eiden for so long, it was beginning to seem almost impossible that we would ever be put in such a situation again. I honestly thought that we might even be able to reach the very end of the tournament without having to fight him at all. But maybe it's not too late! Maybe there are some words that I can say to him which will make him change his mind. I've done it before, so I can do it again, right? I just need to find the right words!


[27] I do not wait for Eiden to make a move, and I use my air currents to propel myself into the air, as I point my palms towards him from above, in an attempt to shoot him with one of my spells. As soon as I look towards Eiden, however, I realize that he is already gone. 

I frantically begin to look around me in every direction, to figure out where he teleported. Where is he? Above? Below? Behind? Where?!

"He's invisible, you moron!" Arraka shouts at me. "Behind you!!!"

I do not get the time to turn around, because I can feel a hand grabbing my head from behind, and the next thing I know is that my head explodes in a thousand pieces, killing me in an instant.


[28] A mere fraction of a second after Arraka says this, Hadrik instantly dashes behind Daren from the side, and he punches the empty air in front of him, making Eiden become visible again, as he gets thrown into one of the trees on the side of the road.

"You are helping them now, Arraka?" Eiden says, while he gets back on his feet and dusts himself off. "That's not really very fair, is it?"

"Shut your filthy mouth, you waste of human life!!!" Arraka shouts, angrily. "Don't you understand that all of my plans are going to be ruined because of you? Because of you!!!"

"I honestly have no idea what you're talking about," Eiden says, as Hadrik rushes towards him again and punches him through the tree.


[29] "Kate," I say, "do you remember our plan to take down the Arraka from the past?"

"I remember it, yes," Kate answers me.

"Good," I say, "Then, I'm going to need you to save up your energy as much as possible, and not do anything until I set up the perfect opportunity for you. You'll know it when it happens."

"Okay, I'll be waiting, then," Kate says.


[30] I fire a lightning spell towards Eiden without thinking, but he already disappeared. I now immediately turn around and start to shoot flames out of my hands at the empty air behind me, thinking that Eiden was trying to hide invisibly again in the same way that he did against Daren, but it doesn't seem like I'm hitting anything.

Just as I thought I was safe, I can feel Eiden's invisible hand grabbing my head from above and exploding it into a thousand pieces, killing me in an instant.


[31] We can't let this fight drag on for much longer. If Eiden stops treating this like a game and goes into his serious mode, all of the trees in the world won't be enough to stop him.

"Illuna, do you think you can cast your 'dish washing' spell on Eiden?" I say. "By the looks of him, I don't think he is calm enough to properly defend himself from something like that at the moment."

"I'll give it a try," Illuna says. "But I'm not promising anything."

She then casts her spell, causing Eiden's head to get surrounded by a sphere of water while he was still busy evading Daren's sword. This seems to have caught him completely off guard, because I can already hear him making drowning noises, while he is at the same time flying up and down, so that he can keep dodging the spinning blade that is following him.

Realizing that he can't get rid of the sword or the water sphere, Eiden conjures a small tornado out of thin air and he lets himself get caught inside it on purpose. This proves to be a little too much for Illuna's drowning spell, and its water particles eventually scatter into the air, while the enchanted sword also fails to absorb the air element making up the tornado and gets caught in it instead, causing Daren to temporarily summon back his weapon.

As Eiden cancels the tornado, he falls to the ground again and then puts his hand on his forehead, without doing anything else for a few seconds. His head must be spinning like crazy right now. This is the moment I've been waiting for. It's now or never!


[32] I conjure three icicles that are likely a hundred times weaker than anything Kate has ever created, and I send them towards Eiden from three separate directions at the same time. This exploits the weakness in his barrier that he created on purpose, and it allows one of my projectiles to stab him in his right shoulder, giving him a very light wound.

"Impressive!" Eiden says, in a mocking tone, as he immediately heals the wound with his left hand. "Not many people can say that they've made a stillwater bleed. Wasn't it worth it to become a mage just for this moment?"

"Oh, yeah," I say, in a deadpan voice, "I'm shivering from all the excitement."


[33] Daren now sends his sword spinning rapidly towards Eiden, but the stillwater raises a large spike made out of rock from the ground, thus diverting the weapon's direction. In the meantime, Eiden conjures a small tornado out of thin air and he lets himself get caught inside it on purpose. This proves to be a little too much for Illuna's drowning spell, and its water particles eventually scatter into the air.

As Eiden cancels the tornado, he falls to the ground again and then puts his hand on his forehead, without doing anything else for a few seconds. His head must be spinning like crazy right now. This is the moment I've been waiting for. It's now or never!


[34] "What's the matter, Barry?" Eiden tells me, as I've now put a little distance between me and him to catch my breath. "Getting tired already? But you haven't even shown me what your dagger can really do! Here, let me attack you with something more worthy of such a powerful weapon!"

He then begins to ready up what seems to be an incredibly strong beam of fire that he is aiming right at me. If I take that head on, I don't think all the magical protections in the world would save me. What should I do?


[35] Daren now sends his sword spinning rapidly towards Eiden, but the stillwater raises a large spike made out of rock from the ground, thus diverting the weapon's direction. In the meantime, Eiden conjures a small tornado out of thin air and he lets himself get caught inside it on purpose. This proves to be a little too much for Illuna's drowning spell, and its water particles eventually scatter into the air.

As Eiden cancels the tornado, he falls to the ground again and then puts his hand on his forehead, without doing anything else for a few seconds. His head must be spinning like crazy right now. This is the moment I've been waiting for. It's now or never!


[36] Fortunately, Illuna's training and the use of her magic amplifier are paying off, and Eiden isn't managing to get rid of the water sphere at all. Eventually, he begins to make drowning noises, which causes him to get a little more desperate and to conjure a small tornado, while allowing himself to get caught inside it. This proves to be a little too much for Illuna's drowning spell, and its water particles eventually scatter into the air.

As Eiden cancels the tornado, he falls to the ground and then puts his hand on his forehead, without doing anything else for a few seconds. His head must be spinning like crazy right now. This is the moment I've been waiting for. It's now or never!


[37] With the corner of my eye, I see Kate raising her scepter and aiming it at Eiden, ready to attack.

"Kate, not yet!" I shout, as she now lowers her scepter after hearing my voice.

Eiden may have been caught by surprise a little, but he is by no means defenseless. He could still easily stop Kate's ice beam if he had the time to react. In order to make him not be aware of his surroundings at all, we need one final push.

Daren now sends his sword spinning rapidly towards Eiden, but the stillwater raises a large spike made out of rock from the ground, which he uses to divert the weapon's direction. In the meantime, Eiden conjures a small tornado out of thin air and he lets himself get caught inside it on purpose. This proves to be a little too much for Illuna's drowning spell, and its water particles eventually scatter into the air.

As Eiden cancels the tornado, he falls to the ground again and then puts his hand on his forehead, without doing anything else for a few seconds. His head must be spinning like crazy right now. This is the moment I've been waiting for. It's now or never!


[38] He can't afford to cut through the ice more than once, because that could risk allowing Eiden to free himself, so he only has one shot at this. But is it something that he can realistically accomplish without risking all of our lives in the process?

"Daren?..." Flower asks, in a worried tone, after she sees him staring at the block of ice in front of him for more than five seconds, while sweating heavily. "Is everything okay?"

"What are you hesitating for, you imbecile?!" Arraka shouts all of a sudden. "Do you really think he would have shown you any mercy if your positions were reversed? You have the opportunity of a lifetime to kill Eiden once and for all and you're hesitating?! Hurry up and do it already, before he--"

"Too late," we hear Eiden's voice, as the block of ice surrounding him explodes into pieces, and the amount of magical power radiating from his aura becomes just as high as it was when he was facing Tyrath in Thilias.

Oh, no... It's over. We really are too late...

"Maybe I've been messing around a little too much," Eiden says, in a very serious tone of voice, as the intensity of his aura alone is making it hard for us to breathe. "It's time to end this."


[39] "Even when I'm seconds away from killing you and all of your friends, you are still saying things like this..." Eiden says, as he is now slowly approaching Daren. "And if I understood correctly, you were also telling Barry yesterday that you would be hesitant to join Meridith and kill me. Tell me, how exactly is it possible that someone like you could have undergone such a radical change of perspective in such a short amount of time? Are you not still the same person who used to blindly attack me with every chance you'd get because you were considering me to be irredeemably evil? Where is this sudden change of attitude towards me coming from? Surely it can't be just because a past version of myself from the God of Time's trials helped you out once?..."

"It's because you asked me to prove you wrong!" Daren says, loudly, as Eiden's closed eyes seem to flinch a little. "I know that you don't remember any of it, but it wasn't some distant version from the past that I talked to! It was you, back in Thilias, right before the earl of Ollendor was going to kill the slave girl! I got down on my hands and knees and begged you to give me the power to save her! That's why you helped me, and that's why you told me those words!"

"So that is what happened..." Eiden says, as he seems to now quickly be putting everything together in his mind.


[40] "Even when I'm seconds away from killing you and all of your friends, you are still saying things like this..." Eiden says, as he is now slowly approaching Daren. "Tell me, how exactly is it possible that someone like you could have undergone such a radical change of perspective in such a short amount of time? Are you not still the same person who used to blindly attack me with every chance you'd get because you were considering me to be irredeemably evil? Where is this sudden change of attitude towards me coming from? Surely it can't be just because a past version of myself from the God of Time's trials helped you out once?..."

"It's because you asked me to prove you wrong!" Daren says, loudly, as Eiden's closed eyes seem to flinch a little. "I know that you don't remember any of it, but it wasn't some distant version from the past that I talked to! It was you, back in Thilias, right before the earl of Ollendor was going to kill the slave girl! I got down on my hands and knees and begged you to give me the power to save her! That's why you helped me, and that's why you told me those words!"

"So that is what happened..." Eiden says, as he seems to now quickly be putting everything together in his mind.


[41] "No..." Eiden says, as he just spends a few seconds in silence, looking as if he couldn't believe what he was hearing. "No, it can't be..."

He then pauses for a few more seconds, still unable to come up with a coherent sentence to respond to Arraka.

"You are training them to kill gods?..." Eiden says, as he finally seems to be finding his words. "These... these CLOWNS?! You want them to kill GODS?"

He then stays silent again for a while, as if he were hoping for Arraka to tell him that it was all a joke, and she wasn't being serious.

"Look at them!!!" Eiden says, as he points towards us. "I could kill them all with a flick of my finger if I wanted to!"

"They almost killed you, you jackass!" Arraka says. "You can gloat all you like, but if Daren didn't take pity on you like the moron he is, you would have been cut clean in half! You think that doesn't count because you weren't fighting at your full power? Who do you think I am?! The idiot dwarf? You think I care that the fight wasn't 'honorable'? You would have been DEAD, you fool! And the same goes for all the gods! You have no idea how much stronger these weaklings could have gotten in just a week or two with my guidance! You have no idea!!!"


[42] "I can't believe this..." Eiden says. "You are blackmailing me? You are blackmailing ME?!"

"Of course," Azarius says, with the same calm smile as before. "Why wouldn't I?"


[43] "Mhm..." Eiden says, without bothering to make any sort of comeback towards Arraka.

He then turns towards me and Daren, and he looks at us with his closed eyes in silence for a few seconds before he continues.

"Well, then..." Eiden says. "I suppose you two might still get that chance to prove me wrong after all..."

And with these final words, Eiden teleports away from us, leaving us only with Azarius and the leopard.

"Phew..." Azarius says. "That was certainly a close call, wasn't it?"


[44] "I was indeed!" Azarius says. "Very astute of you to notice!"

"So, you detected us and Eiden from a distance and used magic to enhance your hearing and listen in on our conversation?" I ask Azarius.

"Precisely!" Azarius says.


[45] Azarius smiles.

"To dethrone the gods and take their place," he answers, calmly.

"Aha-Ahahaha! Ahahahahahahaha!"

-----End of book 3-----

