
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] 

"Barry?" Kate asks me, as she sees me head towards her. "What are you doing? Didn't you go to sleep?"

"Oh, I couldn't sleep," I say. "So I decided to go for a little night stroll, to get some fresh air."

"Why couldn't you sleep?" Kate says.

"Because I got a visitor in the middle of the night," I say. "And it was getting a little too crowded in there for my liking."

"A visitor?" Kate asks, shocked. "But how is that possible? I was keeping watch the whole time! Nobody even came close to your tent."

"Remember that spell that Eiden keeps using to mask his presence?" I tell her. "Melindra also knows that spell."


[3] 

"Barry..." Kate says, with a dark look on her face. "What is Melindra doing inside your tent?"

Crap. I didn't think that they'd all be awake already. Everybody is looking at us, and Leila can tell from the flow of my aura if I'm lying or not. I need to choose my words carefully.

"Uh, you see..." I say, as I try to see Leila's reaction with the tail of my eye. "Melindra forgot to pack her tent, and she asked if she could sleep with me for tonight."

"And you just let her sleep with you?" Kate asks me, suspiciously. "Just like that?"

"Well, yes," I say, as I feel a drop of sweat slowly starting to form on the side of my forehead. "She's here in my tent now, isn't she?"

Leila is just looking straight at me, without reacting in any way. Does she know that I'm bluffing? If so, then is she planning to let me off the hook, or is she going to rat me out later?


[4] "Ugh..." Daren says, while shaking his head, in disapproval. "Listen, I'm not going to judge, but try at least to dismantle your tent and eat your breakfast within the hour. We're not planning to stay here much longer. And Melindra, maybe next time, you could ask me or Hadrik for a spare tent, instead of barging into people's tents in the middle of the night. Just a suggestion."

"I'll keep that in mind!" Melindra says, with a smile.

"Alright, let's get going, Hadrik, Flower," Daren says, as he heads towards his own tent.

"All night long..." Hadrik says, with a tear in his eye, while still trying to contain his laughter. "Oh, boy, what a way to start the morning. Thanks for the laugh , Barry! It was greatly appreciated."


[5] 

"Barry..." Kate says, with a dark look on her face. "What is Melindra doing inside your tent?"

"Wait," I say. "I know what this looks like, but I can explain--"

"Relax, ice, nothing happened," Melindra tells Kate, as she exits the tent, and gets up on her feet. "He was only providing me with a place to sleep. That's all there was to it."

"And why exactly would he need to do such a thing?" Kate asks.

"If you want more details, you can ask Barry," Melindra says. "In the meantime, I'll be over there, by the river bank, collecting some more rocks. You guys have fun."

"Well, Barry?" Kate says, as Melindra heads towards the river. "What exactly are these details that Melindra was talking about?"

"To make things short," I say, "Melindra forgot to pack a tent, and she didn't feel like asking Daren or Hadrik to lend her one, because she didn't really get along with them, so she decided to come to me instead."

"And you simply let her sleep in your tent?" Kate says. "Just like that?"


[6] I take both the backpacks out, and then I spend the next few minutes dismantling my tent. After I give the tent back to Hadrik, I head over to the river bank, to return Melindra's backpack. When I reach her, Melindra was just about to finish her meal.

"Here," I say, as I throw Melindra her backpack. "You forgot this."

"Oh, right," Melindra says. "Thanks."

She then takes one final bite from her own porcupine pie, thus emptying up her plate.

"You know..." I tell her. "I have to admit that I was a little surprised when you just admitted to Kate earlier that nothing happened last night. I thought that you were going to cling to me like yesterday, in order to provoke another reaction from Kate."

After I finish my sentence, Melindra just stares at me, in disbelief, for a few seconds.

"What kind of a heartless monster do you take me for?" she says, eventually. "Of course I wouldn't put you in a position like that after you just helped me out!"

Her answer takes me by surprise. It takes me around two or three seconds to recollect my thoughts, before I speak again.


[7] 

When I wake up the next morning from the sound of people dismantling their tents, I see that there is barely any light coming through my tent from outside. As I open the tent's zipper, I realize that this is because of the fact that the sky is currently filled with dark clouds, and there isn't even a small glimpse of the sun, even though it must have risen for at least an hour. It appears that most of the others have already woken up, and presumably, have already had their breakfast.

Not long after I walk out of my tent, Melindra comes rushing towards me, with a fake smile on her face, and she grabs me by the arm with both her hands, pressing herself against me, just like she did yesterday.

"Barry, my darling, I've had such a wonderful time last night!" Melindra says. "Tell me, did you sleep well after I left your tent? Because I slept like a baby!"

"Barry?..." Kate asks me, as she's looking at me with a serious expression in her eyes. "What is Melindra talking about?"

"Oh, I thought it would have been obvious by now," Melindra says. "Didn't you see me coming out of his tent last night? Surely it can't be that hard to put two and two together?"

"Damn it, let go of me!" I say, as I pull myself away from Melindra. "Kate, listen, Melindra only came to my tent yesterday because she forgot to pack a tent and needed a place to sleep. Nothing happened, I swear!"


[8] "Well, that doesn't sound like any standard spell that I know!" Daren shouts at me. "Technically, I could try to dispel it, but since I'm not familiar with it, I might do more harm than good! If it were a curse or something, it would be right up my alley, but this is more likely a spell that is taking advantage of her elemental powers somehow. I think it would be better if we tried to convince Melindra to undo the spell herself!"

"Well, she said 'Enjoy the rest of your morning!' so I don't think that she's planning to dispel it anytime soon," I say.

"Maybe she'll change her mind!" Daren shouts. "Anyway, you go dismantle your tent and eat breakfast, and we'll see what we'll do after that."

As Daren goes back to dismantling his own tent, Flower comes over to me to ask me something. However, I can barely understand half of the words she is saying.

"Barry-- anything to--?" Flower says, as the sound of the wind in my ears prevents me from hearing her full sentence. "--make some-- you want."

"WHAT?" I ask her.

"I was asking if you would like me to make you something to eat!" Flower shouts, after she gets closer to me.


[9] "Okay, maybe it was a little funny, but that's beside the point!"

"But why is it beside the point?" Melindra says. "You need to live the moment, Barry! It's these little things that make life a joy to live. Okay, so your friends got a little upset with you. So, what? They'll get over it soon enough. Well, most of them will. The ice mage probably won't get over it very soon, but, hey, I'm not the one who agreed to have sex with the woman she hates, after finding out that she had feelings for me."

"Kate does NOT have feelings for me!" I say.  

"Like I said, Barry," Melindra says. "Whatever helps you sleep at night. Now, seriously, do you have any good food with you, or should I take out some of mine? Because I've got some salted cheese and some beef jerky in my backpack, but I'm in the mood for a more diverse meal, you know what I mean? Oh! We could ask the little girl! The one with the banshee. Flower! Yeah, that was her name. She told me that she can conjure food out of thin air like Eiden and the fox! Hold on, I'll bring her here. She's the only one who doesn't hate me in this group, so I think it should be alright if I go by myself."

"Wait," I tell her, as I grab her by the arm. "We're not done, here."


[10] "No, I did not find their reactions to be amusing at all!"

"You didn't?" Melindra says, looking genuinely surprised. "But why not?"

"Because they're my friends!" I say, loudly.

"So?" Melindra says. "What's wrong with a little harmless teasing between friends?"

"You call that harmless teasing?" I say. "You said what you said specifically because you knew it would piss them off!"

"And?..." Melindra asks. "Isn't that what teasing is? Poking a little fun at your friends in order to push their buttons? Okay, so your friends got a little upset with you. So, what? They'll get over it soon enough. Well, most of them will. The ice mage probably won't get over it very soon, but, hey, I'm not the one who agreed to have sex with the woman she hates, after finding out that she had feelings for me."

"Kate does NOT have feelings for me!" I say.  

"Like I said, Barry," Melindra says. "Whatever helps you sleep at night. Now, seriously, do you have any good food with you, or should I take out some of mine? Because I've got some salted cheese and some beef jerky in my backpack, but I'm in the mood for a more diverse meal, you know what I mean? Oh! We could ask the little girl! The one with the banshee. Flower! Yeah, that was her name. She told me that she can conjure food out of thin air like Eiden and the fox! Hold on, I'll bring her here. She's the only one who doesn't hate me in this group, so I think it should be alright if I go by myself."


[11] She then goes to the river bank, where Flower was practicing her fireballs, and she beckons her to come with her to the front of my tent. Once Flower reaches my position, she calls out to me in a worried tone.

"Barry, are you okay?" Flower says. "Don't worry, I don't think that the others are really all that upset with you. I'm sure they'll get over it by the end of the day."

"Yeah," I say, "well it would have been a whole lot better if a certain someone simply kept her mouth shut, but I guess it's too late to think about that now."

"Be serious," Melindra says. "Do you really think that your friends would have believed my word over yours if you weren't such a bad liar? You gave yourself away long before I intervened. All I did was to make things more entertaining."

"What do you mean I gave myself away?" I say. "I didn't say anything that would make me seem suspicious!"

"No, she's right," Illuna says. "The fact that you were lying was obvious even without reading your aura. You really are bad at bluffing when you are under stress."

"Hey, Melindra!" Arraka says. "I just want to check something with you. When you said that you were both up all night, did you mean to say that you used an energizer spell on the two of you?"

"And what if I did?" Melindra asks.

"Hah!" Arraka says. "I knew it! Oh, man, this day is only going to get better and better."

Flower gasps.


[12] "I guess you're right," I say. "I'd rather get sick at night than drag everybody down in a fight."

"Splendid!" Melindra says. "Now, what's for breakfast?"

"Well," Flower says. "The arena event reminded me of some old recipes that I knew. I don't know if any of you had the opportunity to eat trampler stew or archer porcupine pie in the past, but they're both very rare dishes, normally suited only for kings. I'll have them made for you in a second!"

We spend the next twenty minutes or so savoring our meals, and while we're eating, I can't help but notice the fact that the sky is particularly dark today, without even a small glimpse of sun being visible through the clouds covering it. There's going to be a storm coming soon. I can feel it. 

Once we're done with the food, Melindra and I begin to dismantle my tent, while Flower goes to see what the others are doing.

"Hold on, let me get my backpack out, first," Melindra tells me, as she goes inside the tent.

"Oh, right," I say. "Your backpack was in there too. When did you manage to sneak that in, anyway?"

"I flew it over you with my wind magic while you were still asleep," Melindra says, as she pulls her backpack out of the tent. "Okay, I'm done. Let's get to work."


[13] "I think I'd rather tough it out, than risk making things even worse for myself," I say.

"Suit yourself," Melindra says. "So, anyway, what are we having for breakfast?"

"Well," Flower says. "The arena event reminded me of some old recipes that I knew. I don't know if any of you had the opportunity to eat trampler stew or archer porcupine pie in the past, but they're both very rare dishes, normally suited only for kings. I'll have them made for you in a second!"

We spend the next twenty minutes or so savoring our meals, and while we're eating, I can't help but notice the fact that the sky is particularly dark today, without even a small glimpse of sun being visible through the clouds covering it. There's going to be a storm coming soon. I can feel it. 

Once we're done with the food, Melindra and I begin to dismantle my tent, while Flower goes to see what the others are doing.

"Hold on, let me get my backpack out, first," Melindra tells me, as she goes inside the tent.

"Oh, right," I say. "Your backpack was in there too. When did you manage to sneak that in, anyway?"

"I flew it over you with my wind magic while you were still asleep," Melindra says, as she pulls her backpack out of the tent. "Okay, I'm done. Let's get to work."


[14] "Because I didn't want to kick her out like a dog, when she didn't have a place to sleep."

"No place to sleep?" Kate asks. "What do you mean? Didn't she bring a tent?"

"She forgot to pack one," I say.

"Is this what it's all about?" Kate says. "Couldn't she have just asked Daren or Hadrik for a tent?"

"She didn't want to ask them, because she doesn't get along with them very well," I say.

"Wow..." Kate says. "So, that's how you got stuck with her, then. And what is your plan? Spend the rest of your night doing night shifts so the stillwater can sleep comfortably in your tent?"

"I'm not planning to stay here all night," I say. "As soon as Hadrik and Daren's shift begins, I'll ask them to set up a tent for her, so she can leave me in peace. But I figured that I may as well come here and chat with you, given that I was already up."

"Oh?" Kate asks. "And what was it that you wanted to talk with me about?"

"I don't know," I say. "Lots of things. It feels like it's been ages since we've had a chance to talk, in private."


[15] "Because I didn't want to waste any more time arguing with her."

"So, you'd rather waste a whole night of sleep, than a few more minutes arguing with her?" Kate says.

"I'm not planning to stay here all night," I say. "As soon as Hadrik and Daren's shift begins, I'll ask them to set up a tent for her, so she can leave me in peace."

"A tent?" Kate asks. "Is that what all this is about? She forgot to pack a tent?"

"Yes, exactly," I say. "But I also figured that I may as well come here and chat with you, given that I was already up."

"Oh?" Kate asks. "And what was it that you wanted to talk with me about?"

"I don't know," I say. "Lots of things. It feels like it's been ages since we've had a chance to talk, in private."


[16] "Because I figured I may as well come chat with you, given that I was already up."

"Oh?" Kate asks. "And what was it that you wanted to talk with me about?"

"I don't know," I say. "Lots of things. It feels like it's been ages since we've had a chance to talk, in private."


[17] She pauses again.

"What about you, Barry?" Kate says. "How's it going with your notebook? Have you found anything useful?"

"It's hard to tell," I say. "I have a lot of information in my notebook, but there's also a lot of stuff missing. If only I could somehow figure out how to activate these magic stats from the stat device, it would be a lot easier to fill in the notes with the details I need, but I don't think I'll ever be able to unlock those hidden stats by myself."

"Do you think that Leila's father might be able to help?" Kate says.

"It's a possibility," I say. "But I won't get my hopes up for now. From what the goblin general told me, in order to activate these hidden stats, I'd need some secret codes that should only be accessible to the top brass of the lessathi, and I doubt that Leila's father would have any reason to know them."

As Kate and I take another short break from talking, I suddenly remember what Melindra told me in the tent, about Kate having feelings for me. Should I discuss this with her? No, no, no, it would only end up placing us in an awkward situation. But then again, if I never talk to Kate about this, things will never get cleared up.


[18] "It's true that I was a bit shocked when I first saw that scene between the two of you," Kate says. "I'd seen you having a private conversation with her only a few minutes prior, and I was worried that you might have forgotten the promise that you'd made to Rose before leaving Thilias. You did promise Rose that you would come back for her, after the end of the tournament, didn't you?"

"Yes..." I say. "I did promise her that."

"Well, I hope that you won't let her down," Kate says. "I think that despite her teasing, she still took your words very seriously, and she will be waiting for your return."

"I know," I say. "I won't let her down."

"I am aware that what Melindra was doing yesterday was only a joke," Kate says, "but I still think you should be wary of her. There is no telling what goes through that woman's mind. And... you don't need to worry about me having any feelings for you. I am happy for you and Rose, and hope that you will get to fulfill your promise, after we've all managed to survive this tournament to its very end."


[19] "It's true that I was a bit shocked when I first saw that scene between the two of you," Kate says. "I'd seen you having a private conversation with her only a few minutes prior, and I was worried that you might have done something that you would later come to regret. Obviously, I realized soon afterwards that it was all only a joke, but I still think you should be careful around Melindra. There is no telling what goes through that woman's mind. And, regarding any feelings that she claims I may have for you... rest assured that my main reason for looking out for you is because I care for you as a friend, and I wouldn't want you to make a mistake that would be very hard to fix later on."

"Hold on, did you just say this was your 'main' reason for looking out for me?" I say, with half a grin. "So you are implying that there might also have been other reasons?"

Kate frowns at me, when she hears my question.

"You can be impossible sometimes, do you know that?" Kate says.


[20] "I don't know. I wouldn't be so sure about that."

"Why not?" Kate asks.

"Well, the winner of the fight would still depend on a number of factors," I say. "For example, if the fight were to happen underground, or inside a building, you wouldn't be able to fly away to safety. And even if we were to fight on an open field, I could still get the upper hand if we were to start our fight relatively close to each other. From what I've seen in the past, you are particularly vulnerable to surprise attacks, so if I were to get close to you faster than you could react to defend yourself, then I think I'd stand a fair chance at-- Hold on a sec! This discussion that we're having right now... it's only hypothetical, right?  You wouldn't actually try to kill me if the tournament pinned us against each other... would you?"

"I would not," Kate says. "Would you?"

"I... don't think I could, no..." I say.

"Well, then," Kate says, as she makes her ice dagger vanish into thin air, "In that case, I suppose we should both be feeling lucky that we won't be competing against each other."


[21] "Yeah, I probably couldn't last ten seconds against you in an actual fight."

"Really?" Kate asks, surprised. "I thought you'd be more reluctant to admit something like this. Especially given your ambition of winning this tournament."

"Well, like you said, we won't actually need to fight each other," I say, "so even if you would make mincemeat out of me in an actual battle, that's not something that I should concern myself with. Actually, hold on a sec! When you said that you would rain down icicles upon me earlier... you were talking hypothetically, right? You wouldn't actually try to kill me if the tournament pinned us against each other... would you?"

"Of course I wouldn't!" Kate says.

She then pauses for a few seconds before she speaks again.

"Would you?" she asks me.

"I... don't think I could, no..." I say.

"Well, then," Kate says, as she makes her ice dagger vanish into thin air, "In that case, I suppose we should both be feeling lucky that we won't be competing against each other."


[22] "But I don't... have a tent..." Melindra says, in the same sleepy voice. "I told you that I forgot to--"

"I'm talking about one of Daren's tents," I say. "I spoke to him, and he agreed to lend you one for the night."

"He did?" Melindra says, this time actually opening her eyes.

"Yes, now go sleep over there," I say. "Daren will show you where it is."

"Alright, alright..." Melindra says, as she gets up and prepares to exit the tent. "I'm going."

As soon as Melindra walks out, I enter my tent once more, I close the zipper behind me, and I fall asleep almost as soon as I put my head on the pillow.

When I wake up the next morning from the sound of people dismantling their tents, I see that there is barely any light coming through my tent from outside. As I open the tent's zipper, I realize that this is because of the fact that the sky is currently filled with dark clouds, and there isn't even a small glimpse of the sun, even though it must have risen for at least an hour. It appears that most of the others have already woken up, and presumably, have already had their breakfast.


[23] "Well," I say, "from what I've seen of your behavior yesterday, you never really seem to care about what people think of you. You don't make an effort to remember anyone's names, you don't stop to think whether speaking your mind bluntly would annoy the people around you or not, and you didn't give me the impression that you'd care much if your habit of provoking reactions from people would cause the others to become upset at you."

"And why would I care if the others become upset at me?" Melindra says. "I don't need them to be my friends. I just need them to get the job done."

"But do you need them to be your enemies?" I say.

"Eiden did not become my enemy when I acted like this with him," Melindra says.

"Well, most people are not Eiden!" I say.

"But that doesn't mean that I need to change how I live my life just to accommodate others!" Melindra says.

"I'm not telling you to change your entire lifestyle," I say. "I'm just telling you to not piss off everyone that you meet on purpose. Can't you at least do that much? Or would you rather spend the rest of our days on this journey without even being able to ask someone the simple favor of lending you a tent for the night?"

Melindra is now looking at me with her eyebrows furrowed, and with another pouting expression on her face.


[24] We travel in a straight line for the next hour or so, and every once in a while, we see one or two mages, who are too busy to take notice of us, while filling their backpacks with pinecones as if their life depended on it.

"What do you guys suppose they're doing?" Hadrik asks us, as we walk past two mages that were busy collecting pinecones. "Shouldn't they just be checking to see if the pinecones light up in their hands? Why would they go out of their way to actually collect them?"


[25] "Maybe they found a detector, and they're taking the pinecones to it."

"I doubt it," Melindra says. "If they really had access to a detector, they would have taken it with them. It can be easily carried in one hand."

"It's possible that they know a person who has a detector, but won't give it to them," I say. "We can't know for sure."

"I suppose..." Melindra says.

"Well, whatever the reason," Daren says, "there's at least one thing that we can be certain of. And it's the fact that in some way or another, these people managed to figure out the fact that they can't make the pinecones light up by themselves."

"But they still don't know that the pinecones can only be found in the sacred forests," Melindra says. "Otherwise, they wouldn't be wasting their time around these parts. As long as they don't know this crucial piece of information, they still have a long way to go until they can complete their objective."

"To be honest, what worries me the most right now has nothing to do with those mages gathering pinecones," Daren says. "Look at the sky. It's only been getting darker since we woke up this morning. I have a feeling that there will be a storm coming soon."

"Do you get storms often in Varathia?" Hadrik asks Flower.


[26] "Maybe they're planning to take them to one of the sages."

"But what would they have to gain from such a thing?" Hadrik says. "I thought the idea was to compete against the sages, not join them."

"Maybe one of the sages offered them a deal," Kate says. "Like say, for instance, that the first mage to provide the sage with the right cone will get to join his team, and proceed to the next round."

"Well, whatever the reason," Daren says, "there's at least one thing that we can be certain of. And it's the fact that in some way or another, these people managed to figure out the fact that they can't make the pinecones light up by themselves."

"But they still don't know that the pinecones can only be found in the sacred forests," Melindra says. "Otherwise, they wouldn't be wasting their time around these parts. As long as they don't know this crucial piece of information, they still have a long way to go until they can complete their objective."

"To be honest, what worries me the most right now has nothing to do with those mages gathering pinecones," Daren says. "Look at the sky. It's only been getting darker since we woke up this morning. I have a feeling that there will be a storm coming soon."

"Do you get storms often in Varathia?" Hadrik asks Flower.


[27] "Maybe they're trying to go for quantity over quality."

"You mean that they're just going to dump all these cones on the tournament organizers' doorstep and expect to pass to the next round?" Hadrik says. "They couldn't be that stupid, could they?"

"Who knows?" I say. "It's not like the rules said anything about not bringing regular cones with you. If you take this into consideration, then it might not be such a bad idea after all."

"Well, whatever the reason," Daren says, "there's at least one thing that we can be certain of. And it's the fact that in some way or another, these people managed to figure out the fact that they can't make the pinecones light up by themselves."

"But they still don't know that the pinecones can only be found in the sacred forests," Melindra says. "Otherwise, they wouldn't be wasting their time around these parts. As long as they don't know this crucial piece of information, they still have a long way to go until they can complete their objective."

"To be honest, what worries me the most right now has nothing to do with those mages gathering pinecones," Daren says. "Look at the sky. It's only been getting darker since we woke up this morning. I have a feeling that there will be a storm coming soon."

"Do you get storms often in Varathia?" Hadrik asks Flower.


[28] "A spell?" Daren asks. "Here, in this area? But I can't sense anything."

"It's one of Eiden's spells," Melindra says. "It's designed to remain hidden from people without a keen enough magical sense. I can tell that it's been cast by him from the aura signature, but I can't tell what it's supposed to do. It must be some sort of spell that he designed himself, although I'm not familiar with it."

"Oh, yeah, I remember seeing this spell in plenty of other places in the past week," Arraka says. "Eiden must have been casting it all over the continent since he came back here. And he's probably still doing it, as we speak. Casting complicated spells like these takes a lot of time and concentration."

"But what does it do?" Kate asks.

"How should I know that?" Arraka says. "It's not like I'm some spell researcher. I can't tell what a spell as complex as this does just by looking at it. But there's one thing that I can tell for sure, and it's that the spell is waiting to get triggered by something. Whatever that is."


[29] "And I'm guessing that Melindra won't be revealing this information to us, either," Daren says.

"I've said too much, already," Melindra says. "I've promised Eiden long ago that I wouldn't give anyone any important details about the still winter, and I intend to stick to that promise."
   
"Right..." Daren says.

"Anyway, since I can't really tell what this spell is supposed to do, I recommend avoiding it for now," Melindra says. "There's no telling what could trigger it, so we shouldn't take any unnecessary risks. Come on, let's move."

For the next few hours or so, we kept following Melindra, as she led us away from the river, and through the thick of the forest, once more. As time passed, the wind that was only a small breeze this morning began to slowly intensify, while the sky was still as dark as ever. We spent most of these hours listening to some of Hadrik's and Daren's stories from their various adventures, and not much else, although one thing that I've noticed was that Melindra and Flower often seemed to be more preoccupied with their own discussions rather than paying attention to our group chats.


[30] "I'd rather hold onto it, if you don't mind."

"Awww," Flower says. "I guess that means I'll need to get it the next time I visit the ruins, then."

She pauses.

"Okay, well that's all I wanted to ask you, Barry," Flower says. "Enjoy your biscuits!"


[31] "You can have it, if you want."

"I can?" Flower says, with hopeful anticipation.

"Yeah," I say. "I wasn't really planning to do anything with it, anyway. Hold on, let me get it out of my backpack." 

I then finish one of my biscuits, and I reach over to the side of the tree stump, to get the puzzle piece out of my backpack. Once I give it to Flower, she stares at it for a while, and then she squeals with excitement.

"Thanks a lot, Barry!" Flower says. "I'll make sure not to waste this!"

"Sure," I say. "Go crazy."

"Alright, that's all I wanted to ask of you," Flower says. "I'll let you eat in peace, now. Enjoy your biscuits!"


[32] "Why do you care about these puzzle pieces so much?"

"Because it's fun to look for them!" Flower says. "And because I can't wait to see what the prize is at the end. It feels almost like I'm on a treasure hunt!"

"Well, when you put it like that, I suppose you do have a point," I say.

"Alright, I'll go ask the others about the puzzle pieces, now," Flower says. "Enjoy your biscuits!"


[33] "Sounds like a good idea. Good luck."

"Thanks!" Flower says. "Enjoy your biscuits!"


[34] Since I don't really have anything to discuss with anyone in particular, I decide to take out my notebook, and to start reading from it.

After a while, I notice that the others are slowly gathering up and preparing to leave, so I put the notebook back inside my backpack, and I get ready to join them as well.

"Prepare yourselves," Daren says. "The rain could start pouring any minute now, judging by the intensity of the wind. Remember to stick together, and to watch out for falling trees."

"We're going this way," Melindra says, as she takes the lead. "Follow me."

We follow Melindra for half an hour or so, and during this time, the wind intensifies considerably. After a while, we start seeing lightning, and shortly afterwards, we get to experience a downpour of rain of the likes we've never seen before. It takes less than a minute for all of us to get completely soaked, and the powerful wind spraying the rain drops in our faces makes it feel almost like we're under a waterfall, instead of simply walking through some rain. As we move forward, the wind starts to blow even harder, and now it really does look like the trees are about to be pulled from their roots.


[35] I wonder if Kate is still upset with me over what happened last night. Maybe I should go talk to her. Yeah, I should definitely go talk to her.

I leave my backpack next to the tree stump, and I head over to Kate, who is still eating her lunch by herself. When I reach her, Kate gives me a sideways glance, and then she continues to eat her food, without looking at me.

"Hey..." I say, as I place myself in front of her. "I was wondering if we could talk."

"Why?" Kate answers me in a cold voice, while looking only at her food. "What is there to talk about?"

"Well, you seemed really upset this morning, when you found out what happened last night between me and Melindra," I say.

"Was I?" Kate says, in the same cold voice. "I don't remember."

She then takes another bite from her salted cheese, without making eye contact with me.

"Yes, you were," I say. "And still are. Listen, I didn't mean to upset you."


[36] Not long after we start travelling again, I suddenly feel an intense feeling of fatigue, and a strong headache that almost makes me drop to one knee. As if the headache alone wasn't enough, a feeling of nausea is also beginning to slowly creep up on me, while I'm keeping my eyes closed, trying to ignore the pain.

"Barry?" Daren asks. "What's wrong?"

"I'm having... a bit of a headache..." I say, trying to keep my tone of voice as calm as possible.

"Ooh, the energizer spell must have run out!" Melindra says. "I guess that means mine will run out too, soon enough."

She then quickly utters an incantation and she waves her hands around, as she casts a second energizer spell on herself.

"What energizer spe--" Daren says, but he interrupts himself, when he understands what's going on. "Oh, you're talking about what happened last night, aren't you? And let me guess, Barry's never used an energizer spell before, so he's experiencing the worst kind of side-effects. Am I correct?"

"Yes," Melindra says. "But this should all get solved if I cast another energizer spell on him."


[37] "I guess I have no other choice..." I say. "Melindra... whenever you're ready."

Upon hearing my words, Melindra gets close to me, and she says an incantation, while pointing her hands towards me. As soon as she's done, I can feel my headache going away, along with my nausea and my feeling of fatigue. However, for some reason, I'm feeling nowhere near as energetic as I was the first time when she cast the spell on me.

"Is it just me, or does the spell have less of an effect this time around?" I ask Melindra.

"Well, that is to be expected when you cast an energizing spell twice in a row," Melindra says. "Not only does it have less of an effect, but it lasts for a shorter time as well. It should, however, hold you at least until we make camp."

"Alright," Daren says. "Well, in that case, let's press forward. With a little luck, the storm won't be as bad as Flower said it would be, and we'll get to continue our travel normally, without getting delayed."


[38] 

"I'd rather stay with the headache, actually," I say. "I heard the headaches would get worse if I tried to postpone them with an energizer spell, so I'd prefer to wait it out."

"That's all well and good," Daren says, "but you'd better not let this affect your fighting capabilities..."

 "I won't," I tell him, as I try to fake confidence, while reigning in the pain from the fatigue induced headache.

"Alright," Daren says. "Well, in that case, let's press forward. With a little luck, the storm won't be as bad as Flower said it would be, and we'll get to continue our travel normally, without getting delayed."

We follow Melindra for half an hour or so, and during this time, the wind intensifies considerably. After a while, we start seeing lightning, and shortly afterwards, we get to experience a downpour of rain of the likes we've never seen before. It takes less than a minute for all of us to get completely soaked, and the powerful wind spraying the rain drops in our faces makes it feel almost like we're under a waterfall, instead of simply walking through some rain. As we move forward, the wind starts to blow even harder, and now it really does look like the trees are about to be pulled from their roots.


[39] 

"I'd rather stay with the headache, actually," I say. "I heard the headaches would get worse if I tried to postpone them with an energizer spell, so I'd prefer to wait it out."

"That's all well and good," Daren says, "but you'd better not let this affect your fighting capabilities..."

 "I won't," I tell him, as I try to fake confidence, while reigning in the pain from the fatigue induced headache.

"Alright," Daren says. "Well, in that case, let's press forward. With a little luck, the storm won't be as bad as Flower said it would be, and we'll get to continue our travel normally, without getting delayed."

We follow Melindra for half an hour or so, and during this time, the wind intensifies considerably. After a while, we start seeing lightning, and shortly afterwards, we get to experience a downpour of rain of the likes we've never seen before. It takes less than a minute for all of us to get completely soaked, and the powerful wind spraying the rain drops in our faces makes it feel almost like we're under a waterfall, instead of simply walking through some rain. As we move forward, the wind starts to blow even harder, and now it really does look like the trees are about to be pulled from their roots.


[40] "That's it!" Daren shouts, furiously. "That settles it! You're not fit to walk through a battlefield right now. You're not even fit to pay attention to your surroundings. You were less than a second away from dying right now, Barry. Do you understand that? Next time, you won't be so lucky. You're going to let Melindra cast that damn energizer spell on you, and that's final! No more excuses!"

"Yeah..." I say. "I think you're right. That was way too close... Melindra, you can cast the second energizer spell on me whenever you're ready."

Upon hearing my words, Melindra gets close to me, and she says an incantation, while pointing her hands towards me. As soon as she's done, I can feel my headache going away, along with my nausea and my feeling of fatigue. However, for some reason, I'm feeling nowhere near as energetic as I was the first time when she cast the spell on me.

"Is it just me, or does the spell have less of an effect this time around?" I ask Melindra.


[41] As I look towards Kate, I can't help but remember what Melindra told me yesterday, about Kate having feelings for me. Should I go discuss this with her? No, no, no, it would only end up placing us in an awkward situation. But then again, if I never talk to Kate about this, things will never get cleared up.

Maybe I could find a way to bring up the subject in a subtle manner, without shocking her too much. I should try to let the conversation flow naturally, and when I find the right opportunity, I will introduce the idea as an afterthought, just to see how she reacts. Yeah, that could work! That's what I'll do.

I leave my backpack next to the tree stump, and I head over to Kate, who is still eating her lunch by herself. When I reach her, Kate notices me, and she stops eating, as she looks towards me to see what I want.

"Hey..." I say, as I place myself in front of her. "I was wondering if I could talk to you about something."

"Sure," Kate says, as she places her plate on the ground beside her, and then she looks me straight in the eye, to show me that I now have her undivided attention. "About what?"


[42] "I don't know. I wouldn't be so sure about that."

"Why not?" Kate asks.

"Well, the winner of the fight would still depend on a number of factors," I say. "For example, if the fight were to happen underground, or inside a building, you wouldn't be able to fly away to safety. And even if we were to fight on an open field, I could still get the upper hand if we were to start our fight relatively close to each other. From what I've seen in the past, you are particularly vulnerable to surprise attacks, so if I were to get close to you faster than you could react to defend yourself, then I think I'd stand a fair chance at-- Hold on a sec! This discussion that we're having right now... it's only hypothetical, right?  You wouldn't actually try to kill me if the tournament pinned us against each other... would you?"

"I would not," Kate says. "Would you?"

"I... don't think I could, no..." I say.

"Well, then," Kate says, as she makes her ice dagger vanish into thin air, "In that case, I suppose we should both be feeling lucky that we won't be competing against each other."


[43] "Yeah, I probably couldn't last ten seconds against you in an actual fight."

"Really?" Kate asks, surprised. "I thought you'd be more reluctant to admit something like this. Especially given your ambition of winning this tournament."

"Well, like you said, we won't actually need to fight each other," I say, "so even if you would make mincemeat out of me in an actual battle, that's not something that I should concern myself with. Actually, hold on a sec! When you said that you would rain down icicles upon me earlier... you were talking hypothetically, right? You wouldn't actually try to kill me if the tournament pinned us against each other... would you?"

"Of course I wouldn't!" Kate says.

She then pauses for a few seconds before she speaks again.

"Would you?" she asks me.

"I... don't think I could, no..." I say.

"Well, then," Kate says, as she makes her ice dagger vanish into thin air, "In that case, I suppose we should both be feeling lucky that we won't be competing against each other."


[44] Once I reach the stump, I sit myself down, I take my notebook out of my backpack, and I begin to read. After a while, I notice that the others are slowly gathering up and preparing to leave, so I put the notebook back inside my backpack, and I get ready to join them as well.

"Prepare yourselves," Daren says. "The rain could start pouring any minute now, judging by the intensity of the wind. Remember to stick together, and to watch out for falling trees."

"We're going this way," Melindra says, as she takes the lead. "Follow me."

We follow Melindra for half an hour or so, and during this time, the wind intensifies considerably. After a while, we start seeing lightning, and shortly afterwards, we get to experience a downpour of rain of the likes we've never seen before. It takes less than a minute for all of us to get completely soaked, and the powerful wind spraying the rain drops in our faces makes it feel almost like we're under a waterfall, instead of simply walking through some rain. As we move forward, the wind starts to blow even harder, and now it really does look like the trees are about to be pulled from their roots.


[45] Once I reach the stump, I sit myself down, I take my notebook out of my backpack, and I begin to read.

"What are you reading?" Melindra asks me, not long after I start studying.

"Some notes that I wrote long ago about some spells..." I tell her, without raising my eyes from my notebook.

"Oh?..." Melindra says. "How interesting."

I then hear her take a bite from something crunchy, which grabs my attention and makes me turn my gaze towards her. Melindra is currently standing in front of me, eating some biscuits from a pack that looks eerily familiar.

"Melindra, where did you get that pack of biscuits from?" I ask her.


[46] As I approach the stump, I notice that Melindra is currently very busy trying to open my backpack, which I had left behind before going to talk to Kate.

"Melindra, what are you doing?..." I ask her, once I get closer.

"Well," Melindra says, "I was TRYING to steal your biscuits and eat them, in order to annoy you, but I can't for the life of me figure out a way to break the backpack's magic security. Who is it that secured this thing, anyway? The white mage?"

"Yes..." I say. "But why were you trying to steal my biscuits? Don't tell me that you're still trying to get back at me for not letting you sleep in the tent... Can't we just put an end to this feud and move on?"

"Of course!" Melindra says. "As soon as you apologize for what you've done, I'd be more than happy to call a truce."


[47] "Okay, fine," I say. "I'm sorry for kicking you out of the tent and making you sleep with the bugs. I'll talk to Daren later today, and see if he can lend you a tent for tonight. Good enough?"

"Good enough!" Melindra says, smiling, as she hands me back my biscuits. 

"Alright," I say, as I place the pack of biscuits in my backpack. "Well, if you don't have anything else to discuss, I'd like to get back to reading my notebook, if you don't mind."

"Of course," Melindra says. "I'll be on my way, then."


[48] "Okay, fine," I say. "I'm sorry for kicking you out of the tent and making you sleep with the bugs. I'll talk to Daren later today, and see if he can lend you a tent for tonight. Good enough?"

"Good enough!" Melindra says, smiling.

"Alright," I say. "Well, if you don't have anything else to discuss, I'd like to get back to reading my notebook, if you don't mind."

"Of course," Melindra says. "I'll be on my way, then."


[49] "Nah," I say. "I'm not going to apologize when you're the one who barged into my tent in the middle of the night."

"Then the feud will continue," Melindra says, as she takes a bite from another biscuit.

"Are you sure about that?" I say. "See, if you were to agree to a truce, I could ask Daren to lend you a tent for the night, and you would not need to spend two sleepless nights outside in a row. Unless of course you think that you'll be able to muster up the nerve to ask him for the tent yourself this time around..."

Melindra frowns at me, and she doesn't say anything for a few seconds.

"Fine," she says, as she hands me back my biscuits. "You can have your truce. I was getting bored of finding new ways to annoy you, anyway."

"Well," I say, "in that case, if you don't have anything else to discuss, I'd like to get back to reading my notebook, if you don't mind."

"Yeah," Melindra says. "Whatever."


[50] "Nah," I say. "I'm not going to apologize when you're the one who barged into my tent in the middle of the night."

"Then the feud will continue," Melindra says.

"Are you sure about that?" I say. "See, if you were to agree to a truce, I could ask Daren to lend you a tent for the night, and you would not need to spend two sleepless nights outside in a row. Unless of course you think that you'll be able to muster up the nerve to ask him for the tent yourself this time around..."

Melindra frowns at me, and she doesn't say anything for a few seconds.

"Fine," she says. "You can have your truce. I was getting bored of finding new ways to annoy you, anyway."

"Well," I say, "in that case, if you don't have anything else to discuss, I'd like to get back to reading my notebook, if you don't mind."

"Yeah," Melindra says. "Whatever."


[51] "I've had enough of this," Kate says, all of a sudden, and then a large dome of ice quickly begins to form itself around us, until it covers us completely, shielding us from the wind and rain.

"Kate, what are you doing?" Daren says.

"We're taking a break," Kate says. "As it stands, we're only getting ourselves tired for no reason. We're barely moving forward with this wind pushing us back, and at this rate, half of us will wear ourselves out before we even get into a fight."

"Even I am forced to agree with the ice mage," Melindra says. "Trying to walk through this storm is a complete waste of our time. We're better off just resting for a while, and resuming our journey afterwards."

"Well, if everyone else is also okay with this..." Daren says.

"Yeah, I think we all could use a little break, right about now," Hadrik says.

"I'll dry everyone up, then!" Flower says.

She then conjures a few dozen small flying balls of fire, and she sends several of them towards each of us. The balls of fire quickly begin to circle around us, coming very close to our clothes, in order to evaporate all of the water.

"Whoa... watch out, there..." Hadrik says, as he sees one ball of fire approaching his face.

"Don't worry," Flower says. "I've been drying up like this since forever. You're not going to get burned."


[52] "There's no need for you to take another enchanter's oath, Melindra."

"Oh?" Melindra says. "So what would you rather have me do, then? Plug my ears?"

"Nothing," I say. "Because I haven't really discovered anything new about Eiden's loopholes, yet."

"Damn..." Hadrik says. "So, I guess we still don't know any of Eiden's weaknesses, then."

"Well, I wouldn't say that we don't know ANY of Eiden's weaknesses," I say. "It just depends on what you'd be willing to call a weakness. For example, do you remember that time when Eiden teleported us all to your location, right after you turned back into a giant and challenged everyone to a brawl?"


[53] "Actually, that wouldn't be such a bad idea."

"It most certainly wouldn't hurt," Kate says.

"Are you guys serious?..." Daren says.

"Well, you heard them, enchanter," Melindra says, as she walks over to him, and she touches the edge of his blade with her finger.

She then holds her finger up in the air, with small drops of blood falling from it, while she waits for Daren to activate the oath enchantment from his sword.

"Okay, whatever," Daren says, as he holds the sword below Melindra's finger, and he lets a few drops of blood fall on it.

"Say the oath and let's get this over with, shall we?" Daren says, as his sword begins to shine brightly, with a white light.

"Okay," Melindra says. "I swear that I will never tell Eiden anything about any strategies that you discuss, or about anything you say that might be used against him in any way."

She pauses.

"Is that good enough, or should I add another vow to the list, while we're at it?" Melindra says.


[54] "Good luck finding that out," Melindra says. "I've known him for most of my life, and even I have no idea what he's trying to pull."

"Maybe he's trying to win back the fox's heart," Arraka says, in a mocking tone. "I heard they had a bit of a falling out after that stunt he pulled in Olmnar. And I don't think they were exactly on the best of terms before that, either."

"Their relationship had been slowly degrading for a long time," Melindra says. "I think it all started when the cities in Eiden's care began to introduce the concept of slavery, and it all went downhill from there. The fox had always blamed Eiden for all the messed up things that ended up happening in his cities. She kept saying that if he would have reined them in and imposed stricter rules on them, it wouldn't have gotten to this point. But back then, Eiden had this naive belief that all humans are inherently good, and that as long as they'd be left to their own devices long enough, they would find the right path. He thought that as long as people were given everything they needed, without having to work for it, and as long as they were given no reason to fight each other, they'd all live like one happy family. Well, we can all see how that turned out."

"So, are you telling me that he just gave up?!" Daren shouts, all of a sudden. 

