
[1] 

[2] "Melindra?" Kate says. "She's the one that visited you? And she kicked you out of your own tent?"

"Wait, wait, no, you've got it all wrong," I tell her. "She didn't kick me out of the tent. I chose to leave by myself."

"But why would you do such a thing?" Kate says. "Why not just tell her to get out and be done with her?"


[3] I don't get to ponder any more on my question, because only a moment later, Melindra grabs me by the arm with both her hands from behind, and she pushes herself into me, just like she did yesterday.

"Darling!" Melindra says, in a mocking tone, and with a fake sad look in her eyes. "Why aren't you telling them about what happened last night? Did our night together mean nothing to you?"

"Barry... What is she talking about?" Kate says, with the same dark look in her eyes as before.

"Sleeping," I tell her, as I begin to pinch one of Melindra's arms very hard with my fingers. "She is talking about sleeping."

"Why must you be so cold with me, my love?" Melindra tells me. "Did you already forget that you're the one who kept me up all night, until it was morning?"

"He kept you up all night--" Hadrik starts to say, but then his words suddenly turn into an uncontrollable wheezing laughter.

"All night long-- Ahahahahaha!" Arraka says, as she begins to laugh as well.

"I've heard enough," Kate says, as she storms away from us, while Hadrik and Arraka are still laughing in unison.


[4] "Any time," I say, in a dry tone, and then Hadrik, Leila and Flower move away from me, as Flower takes one last look towards me, with a worried expression on her face.

"Well, that was fun!" Melindra says. "Now, what's for breakfast? I'm starving!"

"Are you serious?" I tell her. "Are you just going to brush off what happened?"

"What do you mean?" Melindra asks, looking genuinely curious. "What happened?"

"You ratted me out in front of everyone, that's what happened!" I say. "Why did you even need to say all that stuff? What was your purpose?"

"Oh, I did it because I found their reactions to be amusing!" Melindra says. "Especially the reaction of the ice mage. Why do you ask? Did you not find their reactions to be amusing?"

As I look in Melindra's eyes, I suddenly realize that she is not in fact mocking me, and she is asking this question in a completely sincere manner.


[5] "Well, she told me several times that she didn't have any other place to go," I say. "What was I to do? Kick her out like a dog?"

"Hmm..." Kate says, still not sure whether to believe me or not.

"He's telling the truth," Leila writes. "I can tell by his aura."

"Well, if Leila says that you're telling the truth, then it must be so," Kate says. "I apologize for suspecting you."

"Don't worry," I say. "I would have probably suspected myself too if I were in your shoes."

"Alright, everyone" Hadrik says, as he claps his hands in the air. "Show's over. Break it up. We need to get ready to leave soon, remember?"

"Barry, do you have anything to eat?" Flower says, as the crowd in front of my tent begins to slowly disperse. "I could make some food for you, if you want."

"I do have some food, but I'd have to be a fool to refuse your offer," I say. "What kind of dish do you have in mind?"

"Well," Flower says. "The arena event reminded me of some old recipes that I knew. I don't know if you've ever had the opportunity to eat trampler stew or archer porcupine pie in the past, but they're both very rare dishes, normally suited only for kings. I'll have them made for you in a second!"


[6] "Huh..." I say, as I give her a long, pondering look. "So, you ARE capable of giving a damn about other people, then... But why would you choose to act the way you do, if that is the case?"

"What are you talking about?" Melindra says.

"Well," I say, "from what I've seen of your behavior yesterday, you never really seem to care about what people think of you. You don't make an effort to remember anyone's names, you don't stop to think whether speaking your mind bluntly would annoy the people around you or not, and you didn't give me the impression that you'd care much if your habit of provoking reactions from people would cause the others to become upset at you."

"And why would I care if the others become upset at me?" Melindra says. "I don't need them to be my friends. I just need them to get the job done."

"But do you need them to be your enemies?" I say.

"Eiden did not become my enemy when I acted like this with him," Melindra says.

"Well, most people are not Eiden!" I say.


[7] "Hmm..." Kate says, while looking at me, not sure if she should believe me or not.

"He's telling the truth," Leila writes. "I can tell by his aura."

"Well, if Leila says that you're telling the truth, then it must be so," Kate says. "I apologize for suspecting you."

"Hmph!" Melindra says, while frowning. "How boring."

She then crawls into my tent, and she walks out of it soon afterwards, holding her backpack in her left hand. Apparently, she must have sneaked it into my tent yesterday, while I was still sleeping. After exiting the tent, Melindra begins to walk away from it, but then she stops in her tracks, and she turns her head towards me. 

"Oh, I almost forgot!" she says, as she begins to slowly approach me.

Once she's close enough, she extends her right hand towards me, and she touches me with her palm on the upper side of my left arm. As soon as she pulls her hand away from me, I start to feel a strong wind blowing in my ears, although in reality, there should only be a light breeze in the air. The sound that I'm hearing in my ears because of the wind is making it very difficult for me to hear anything that's going on around me.

Melindra is now looking at me, with a smirk, as she leans closer, to make sure that I can hear what she is about to say.


[8] "I have some food of my own in my backpack," I say, "but I would have to be a fool to refuse any of your cooking. What kind of dish do you have in mind?"

"Well," Flower shouts. "The arena event reminded me of some old recipes that I knew. I don't know if you've ever had the opportunity to eat trampler stew or archer porcupine pie in the past, but they're both very rare dishes, normally suited only for kings. I'll have them made for you in a second!"

As soon as Flower is done conjuring the food for me, she goes over to Melindra, to see if she wants some food made as well. I take my time to savor my meal, and once I'm finished eating, I decide to dismantle my tent. I then give the tent back to Hadrik, and I prepare myself for our departure.

When we all gather to leave on our journey once more, I take one long look at the sky, and see that the sky has gotten even darker since I've woken up. I have a feeling that a storm might be coming soon. As I stand there, looking up at the sky, I suddenly see a blue message floating in front of my face.

"Daren's been asking for the past ten seconds if you're ready to leave..." Leila writes.

"What?" I say, as I turn my head towards the others.


[9] "Not done with what?" Melindra says, with a look of genuine curiosity again.

"What do you mean with what?" I say. "Don't you understand what the problem is, here? Don't you see that by acting the way you do, you'll only keep making people into your enemies? Sure, maybe my friends will eventually get over it, and what happened today won't matter that much for me in the long run. But what about you? Why must you insist on pushing everyone's buttons with every action that you take? Why can't you just act normally, so people will at least be somewhat friendly with you?"

"I don't need people to be friendly with me," Melindra says.

"But do you need them to be your enemies?" I say.

"Eiden did not become my enemy when I acted like this with him," Melindra says.

"Well, most people are not Eiden!" I say.

"But that doesn't mean that I need to change how I live my life just to accommodate others!" Melindra says.

"I'm not telling you to change your entire lifestyle," I say. "I'm just telling you to not piss off everyone that you meet on purpose. Can't you at least do that much?"


[10] "Wait," I tell her, as I grab her by the arm. "We're not done, here."

"Not done with what?" Melindra says, with a look of genuine curiosity again.

"What do you mean with what?" I say. "Don't you understand what the problem is, here? Don't you see that by acting the way you do, you'll only keep making people into your enemies? Sure, maybe my friends will eventually get over it, and what happened today won't matter that much for me in the long run. But what about you? Why must you insist on pushing everyone's buttons with every action that you take? Why can't you just act normally, so people will at least be somewhat friendly with you?"

"I don't need people to be friendly with me," Melindra says.

"But do you need them to be your enemies?" I say.

"Eiden did not become my enemy when I acted like this with him," Melindra says.

"Well, most people are not Eiden!" I say.

"But that doesn't mean that I need to change how I live my life just to accommodate others!" Melindra says.

"I'm not telling you to change your entire lifestyle," I say. "I'm just telling you to not piss off everyone that you meet on purpose. Can't you at least do that much?"


[11] "Barry, you used an energizer spell?" she says. "Have you ever used one before?"

"No, I didn't, but why would it matter?" I say.

"Because energizer spells have very serious side effects when you use them the first time!" Flower says. "Don't you know that?"

"What?..." I say. "No, I didn't know anything about any side effects. Back when I was learning about magic, I didn't think that studying about energizer spells would do me any good, so I never bothered to learn any details about them."

"Ooooh!" Melindra says. "Now I remember! I did have some nasty headaches and a strong feeling of nausea the first time I used this spell. It's been hundreds of years since then, so I've completely forgotten about it."

"You've got to be kidding me!" I say. "And what about all those other men that you used this energizer spell on? Did you seriously not notice that they had headaches all day after spending the night with you?"

"Oh," Melindra says. "Well, I never really stuck around long enough to see the side-effects kick off before. But don't worry, I'll just cast another energizer spell on you when you start to get the headaches, and you'll be fine!"


[12] We both spend the next few minutes dismantling the tent, and once we're done, I go to give Hadrik his tent back, while the others are preparing for our departure. Kate still looks upset, but Daren looks like he might have already gotten over what happened earlier this morning. Once we're all ready to go, Melindra takes the lead, and we all begin to follow her, as we walk along the river's bank, just like yesterday.

Not long after we start walking, Hadrik pulls me over to the back of the group, so he can have a short conversation with me in private.

"So, listen, Barry," he says, as we both slowly follow the group from a distance. "I know that I laughed in your face this morning and everything, but I just wanted to tell you that I wasn't trying to make fun of you. I'm actually quite impressed! I mean, you knew full well what it would mean to do what you did, considering how many people dislike Melindra in our group, but you went and did it anyway. And for a whole night, no less! It's like you didn't even care if you got caught or not! It takes guts to do this kind of thing, and I can respect that. Just wanted to clear things up."

"Uh... thanks?..." I tell him, not sure how else to respond to his little speech.

"Alright, glad we had this chat!" Hadrik says, as he pats me hard on the back. "Don't worry about the others, I'm sure they'll loosen up soon enough."

With these last words, he goes to catch up with the rest of the group, and I soon follow him as well.


[13] "You're right..." Kate says. "It has been a while. I think the last time we've had a private conversation was that time when we were celebrating our release from the golden fox's collars. Back when... Rose was still alive..."

Kate's words hit me like a dagger through my chest. I suddenly realize that I've been completely avoiding thinking about Rose ever since that day when we held a toast with Enrique in her memory. Even when I promised myself that I would not avoid thinking about her death, I still managed to do it. I guess some things are easier said than done, after all.

"Yes... back when Rose was alive..." I say, and then we both stay silent for a few moments.

"So... how have things been going with Leila?" I say, trying to change the subject.

"They've been going... great," Kate says, with a faint smile. "We've been talking a lot about what our lives have been like since we left the Beacon. It's been a long time. We both had many stories to tell..."

"So, you're back to being friends again, then?" I ask her.

"What do you mean?" Kate says.

"Well, at the beginning, you weren't really talking to each other," I say. "So, I thought that maybe you might have had an argument or something, before she left the Beacon, which made it difficult for you to begin a conversation."


[14] "You're right..." Kate says. "It has been a while. I think the last time we've had a private conversation was that time when we were celebrating our release from the golden fox's collars. So much has happened since then. The objectives announcement, the arena, the dragon's war declaration..."

"And also your reunion with your childhood friend, Leila," I say. "How have things been going with her, by the way?"

"They've been going... great," Kate says, with a faint smile. "We've been talking a lot about what our lives have been like since we left the Beacon. It's been a long time. We both had many stories to tell..."

"So, you're back to being friends again, then?" I ask her.

"What do you mean?" Kate says.

"Well, at the beginning, you weren't really talking to each other," I say. "So, I thought that maybe you might have had an argument or something, before she left the Beacon, which made it difficult for you to begin a conversation."


[15] Maybe I could find a way to bring up the subject in a subtle manner, without shocking her too much. I should try to let the conversation flow naturally, and when I find the right opportunity, I will introduce the idea as an afterthought, just to see how she reacts. Yeah, that could work! That's what I'll do.

"So, Kate..." I say. "I was just wondering about something..."

"Yes?" Kate says.

"You wouldn't by any chance happen to have any feelings for me, would you?" I say.

Damn it, that wasn't subtle at all, was it?

"...Have you lost your mind?" Kate says, as she's looking straight at me, unsure what to make of me.

"No, wait!" I say. "I know that it looks as if I'm just asking you this completely out of the blue, but the truth is that there was something that Melindra said to me earlier that drove me to ask you this question."

"Melindra again..." Kate says. "What did she say to you?"

"Well..." I say. "She told me that you might have feelings for me... because of that look you gave her when she grabbed me by the arm, yesterday, while she was pretending that we were a couple."

"Oh..." Kate says, as she gets a thoughtful look on her face, and turns her gaze to the side. "I see..."

After a few seconds of contemplation, Kate once again looks me straight in the eye, and she continues to speak.


[16] "Don't you mean, after I win the tournament?" I tell her, with a smirk.

"Of course," Kate says, and then she smiles faintly. "After you win."

She then conjures an ice dagger out of thin air, and she starts flinging it upwards, and catching it with her hand, repeatedly, as she continues to speak to me.

"You know," Kate says, "you should consider yourself very lucky that I'm not actually planning to compete against you in this tournament. With your non-existent protection spells, and your unreliable ranged attacks, you would have no way of even touching me, while I'd be floating high above in an ice cage, raining down icicles upon you."


[17] "Hey, you're the one who chose to phrase your words that way, not me!" I say.

"Well, regardless of how you may choose to interpret my words," Kate says, "I think we can both agree that what's important right now is to focus on the tournament, and on our objectives."

"Oh, yes, totally," I say.

"If you're still not satisfied with the answers I've given you," Kate says, "then we can continue our discussion at a later time, after we've all managed to survive this tournament to its very end."

"Don't you mean, after I win the tournament?" I tell her, with a smirk.

"Of course," Kate says, and then she smiles faintly. "After you win."

She then conjures an ice dagger out of thin air, and she starts flinging it upwards, and catching it with her hand, repeatedly, as she continues to speak to me.

"You know," Kate says, "you should consider yourself very lucky that I'm not actually planning to compete against you in this tournament. With your non-existent protection spells, and your unreliable ranged attacks, you would have no way of even touching me, while I'd be floating high above in an ice cage, raining down icicles upon you."


[18] She pauses.

"But I think you already know that things will not go as smoothly with Daren," Kate continues. "The two of you are practically the only members of our group who are actually aiming to win this tournament, so if you both continue on your current path, you will eventually have no other choice than to fight each other. There can be only one winner of the Magium tournament."

"Yeah... I know," I say.

As the two of us remain silent for a while, we eventually see Daren's tent getting opened from all the way across the camp, and soon afterwards, Daren also comes out, and he starts heading towards us.

"Barry?" Daren asks, when he gets closer to us. "What are you doing here? I was pretty sure that Kate was the only one who took the first shift."

"I could ask you the same question," I say. "Wasn't your shift supposed to begin in an hour or so?"

"An hour and a half," Daren says. "But I couldn't sleep. I kept thinking about that fight we had today, and trying to think of ways in which we could have handled ourselves better. So, I figured that I may as well come here and relieve Kate of her shift early, so at least she could get some rest."


[19] Not long after I walk out of my tent, Melindra comes rushing towards me, with an unusually serious expression on her face.

"Listen," Melindra says, as she stops in front of me. "I didn't mean to kick you out of your own tent last night."

"Yes, I know that," I say. "It's fine."

"No, it's not fine!" Melindra says. "All I wanted to do was to sneak silently into your tent, doze off for a few hours and then walk away unnoticed. I didn't mean to cause all this ruckus!"

"So what?" I ask her, confused. "You got your tent, didn't you?"

"Yes, but that's not the point!" Melindra says. "The point is that I didn't mean to cause you that much trouble, when you were the one helping me!"

"Huh..." I say, as I give her a long, pondering look. "So, you ARE capable of giving a damn about other people, then..."

I pause for a second before I continue.

"But why would you choose to act the way you do, if that is the case?" I say.

"What are you talking about?" Melindra says.


[20] "Fine," she says. "Maybe I could change my behavior a little. But ONLY a little."

"Well, it's a start," I say. "Anyway, I think we should be getting ready to leave soon. I see that the others are almost done with dismantling their tents, so I'm guessing that they've already eaten their breakfast."

"Yeah, we're already done eating," Melindra says. "You should talk to Flower about making you some food. She remembered some new recipes after watching the arena, which are supposedly rare dishes, meant for kings. Archer porcupine pie and trampler stew, I think they were called. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go and grab my backpack from inside your tent."

"Wait, when did you leave your backpack in there?" I say, as Melindra crawls into my tent.

"I flew it over you with my wind magic while you were still asleep," Melindra says. "Okay, I found it."

She then exits my tent with her backpack in her hand, and she heads towards the river bank, to collect more of her rocks. Once I'm done dismantling my tent and handing it back to Hadrik, I go to Flower, in order to ask her to magically create some food for me. I spend the next twenty minutes or so savoring my meal, and then I go join the others, who seem to be preparing for our departure. Once we're all ready to go, Melindra takes the lead, and we all begin to follow her, as we walk along the river's bank, just like yesterday.


[21] "No, they're pretty rare," Flower says. "But when we do get one, it tends to be rather nasty. Especially in the summer."

"In that case, we'd better watch out for falling trees," Daren says. "Also, we should expect to get soaked to the bone once it starts pouring, so we're probably going to have to take a break to dry up near a fire afterwards."

"I could make an ice dome to protect us from the storm," Kate says.

"And I could make little balls of fire to spin around us and make us dry!" Flower says. "There's no need to light an actual fire for that."

"Yes, but I think it might be better for you two to conserve your magical energy," Daren says. "There's no telling when we'll be meeting another one of Tyrath's elite monster groups, so we should always be ready for them."


[22] "Could this have anything to do with that calamity that Eiden spoke of?" Hadrik asks. "Or maybe with the lessathi? Maybe they're all bombs, and they're meant to explode when they detect a lessathi nearby."

When she hears this, Leila suddenly takes a few steps back from the area that Melindra is inspecting.

"I mean," Hadrik continues, "I'd say it's pretty clear by now that Eiden and the lessathi aren't exactly best buddies. He told Barry to deliver that threatening message to them, and from what I can understand, he's killed a bunch of them in the still winter, so it's not like he'd need any special reason to kill more of them now."

"What are you babbling about?..." Melindra says, as she's still concentrating on analyzing the hidden spell. "Eiden never killed any lessathi during the still winter. He took their side..."

"He did what?..." Hadrik asks.

"Oh..." Melindra says, as she suddenly realizes what she's done. "I don't think I should have told you that."

"Wait, so Eiden fought against the stillwaters in the still winter?" Daren says.

"Oh, yeah, he killed plenty of them during that time," Arraka says. "Almost as much as me!"

"What do you mean?" Kate asks. "Weren't you the leader of the stillwaters during the still winter war?..."


[23] For some odd reason, the more these two talked with each other, the more things they found that they had in common, which only sparked new topics of conversation between them that seemed to never end. 

Once it got past noon, we decided to take a small break to eat some lunch. This time around, we didn't ask Flower to make any food, so she could preserve her magical energy, in case of an attack. Since I wasn't particularly hungry, I sat myself down on a tree stump, and I pulled a pack of biscuits out of my backpack, to serve as a little afternoon snack.

"Barry, I thought you had some food with you," Flower says, when she sees me opening up the pack of biscuits. "If you've only got those biscuits to eat, then I could make some proper lunch for you with magic. It's not that big of a problem."

"No, I've got plenty of food with me," I say. "It's just that I'm not very hungry right now. And besides, I really do love these biscuits. I got them from a shop near my house back in the Western Continent, and no other biscuits that I've tried tasted quite like this."

"Hmm?..." Melindra says, from behind Flower, looking as if what I said about my biscuits intrigued her for some reason.


[24] For some odd reason, the more these two talked with each other, the more things they found that they had in common, which only sparked new topics of conversation between them that seemed to never end. 

Once it got past noon, we decided to take a small break to eat some lunch. This time around, we didn't ask Flower to make any food, so she could preserve her magical energy, in case of an attack. Since I wasn't particularly hungry, I sat myself down on a tree stump, and I pulled a pack of biscuits out of my backpack, to serve as a little afternoon snack.

"Barry, I thought you had some food with you," Flower says, when she sees me opening up the pack of biscuits. "If you've only got those biscuits to eat, then I could make some proper lunch for you with magic. It's not that big of a problem."

"No, I've got plenty of food with me," I say. "It's just that I'm not very hungry right now. And besides, I really do love these biscuits. I got them from a shop near my house back in the Western Continent, and no other biscuits that I've tried tasted quite like this."


[25] I take a bite from one biscuit, and with my free hand I do a military salute, as Flower turns around, and she heads towards the others. I continue to eat for a few more minutes, and once I'm done, I open up my backpack and I place the pack of biscuits back inside.

Before deciding whether I should be taking my notebook out of my backpack to read some more, I take a quick look towards the others, to see what each of them is doing. Kate is currently eating alone, while sitting on the grass, with her back against a tree. Meanwhile, Leila seems to have been coaxed by Hadrik and Daren to act as referee in a rock throwing contest between them. As with most contests that I've seen between Hadrik and Daren in the past, the rules appear to be a convoluted mess, and it's very hard to tell what the actual goal of their game is. And lastly, Flower and Melindra appear to be continuing their discussions about random topics that they started this morning.


[26] "Stay close together!" Daren shouts, in order to make sure that we can hear him through the sound of the wind. "And watch out for lightning. We should always be careful to have tall trees surrounding us, so the lightning will strike them instead of us. Make sure to avoid flying at all costs. Come on, keep moving!"

As we advance through the storm, the wind finally manages to blow a few trees out of their roots, but we all manage to avoid sustaining any injuries by being alert and by paying attention to our surroundings.

We keep pressing forward for another twenty minutes, but the storm still doesn't look like it will be stopping anytime soon. In fact, it's been getting worse by the minute. Every time we hear a thunder, it feels almost as if someone set off a powerful explosion spell in our vicinity. The wind is now almost powerful enough to push us back while we're walking, and the number of rain drops has greatly increased as well. Will this storm never end?


[27] "Well, maybe you should have thought of that before sharing a bed with the enemy," Kate says.

"Melindra is not our enemy!" I tell her.

"She's a stillwater," Kate says. "And a friend of Eiden. All she's done since she joined our group is to withhold important information from us, and to not offer any help whatsoever, even when we were fighting for our lives. What could have been going through your head when you chose to sleep with her?"

"Look, I know that you don't like Melindra, but--"

"I'm done talking about this," Kate says, as she suddenly gets up from the ground, and she begins to head towards an area where there are no members of our group.

"Wait, where are you going?" I ask her.

"Somewhere where I can have some peace and quiet while I finish my meal," Kate says. "Don't come after me."

After she takes a few steps, she stops for a few seconds, as she remembers that there was something that she forgot to tell me.

"Oh," Kate says, "and the next time you choose to make a promise to Rose about coming back for her, maybe you could take it a little more seriously."

She then heads further into the woods, and she leaves me behind, without saying another word to me.


[28] "Well, maybe you should have thought of that before sharing a bed with the enemy," Kate says.

"Melindra is not our enemy!" I tell her.

"She's a stillwater," Kate says. "And a friend of Eiden. All she's done since she joined our group is to withhold important information from us, and to not offer any help whatsoever, even when we were fighting for our lives. What could have been going through your head when you chose to sleep with her?"

"Look, I know that you don't like Melindra, but--"

"I'm done talking about this," Kate says, as she suddenly gets up from the ground, and she begins to head towards an area where there are no members of our group.

"Wait, where are you going?" I ask her.

"Somewhere where I can have some peace and quiet while I finish my meal," Kate says. "Don't come after me."

She then heads further into the woods, and she leaves me behind, without saying another word to me.


[29] "No!" I tell her. "I said I don't want you to cast a second energizer spell on me! Daren, you wouldn't by any chance happen to have some spell that heals headaches and nausea, would you?"

"I do," Daren says, "but I'm not going to risk casting any kind of healing spell on you right now, unless we're talking about a life-threatening emergency. Casting healing spells on someone who's recently had his heart weakened by an energizer spell is asking for all kinds of trouble. Honestly, you'd be better off just letting Melindra cast that second energizer spell on you. It would still strain your heart, but at least it would do it more gradually, and the risk of heart failure when you've only used this spell once before in your entire life is almost non-existent."


[30] "Wait, hold on!" I say. "I just thought of something. Daren, you wouldn't by any chance happen to have some spell that heals headaches and nausea, would you?"

"I do," Daren says, "but I'm not going to risk casting any kind of healing spell on you right now, unless we're talking about a life-threatening emergency. Casting healing spells on someone who's recently had his heart weakened by an energizer spell is asking for all kinds of trouble. Honestly, you'd be better off just letting Melindra cast that second energizer spell on you. It would still strain your heart, but at least it would do it more gradually, and the risk of heart failure when you've only used this spell once before in your entire life is almost non-existent."


[31] We follow Melindra for half an hour or so, and during this time, the wind intensifies considerably. After a while, we start seeing lightning, and shortly afterwards, we get to experience a downpour of rain of the likes we've never seen before. It takes less than a minute for all of us to get completely soaked, and the powerful wind spraying the rain drops in our faces makes it feel almost like we're under a waterfall, instead of simply walking through some rain. As we move forward, the wind starts to blow even harder, and now it really does look like the trees are about to be pulled from their roots.

"Stay close together!" Daren shouts, in order to make sure that we can hear him through the sound of the wind. "And watch out for lightning. We should always be careful to have tall trees surrounding us, so the lightning will strike them instead of us. Make sure to avoid flying at all costs. Come on, keep moving!"

As we advance through the storm, the wind finally manages to blow a few trees out of their roots, but we all manage to avoid sustaining any injuries by being alert and by paying attention to our surroundings.

We keep pressing forward for another twenty minutes, but the storm still doesn't look like it will be stopping anytime soon. In fact, it's been getting worse by the minute. Every time we hear a thunder, it feels almost as if someone set off a powerful explosion spell in our vicinity. The wind is now almost powerful enough to push us back while we're walking, and the number of rain drops has greatly increased as well. Will this storm never end?


[32] "Stay close together!" Daren shouts, in order to make sure that we can hear him through the sound of the wind. "And watch out for lightning. We should always be careful to have tall trees surrounding us, so the lightning will strike them instead of us. Make sure to avoid flying at all costs. Come on, keep moving!"

As we advance through the storm, I find myself struggling to keep focusing on my surroundings, due to the intense headaches and feeling of nausea, but at least I'm capable enough to continue walking without needing to take a break.

"Watch out!" Daren shouts.

Suddenly, a tree that is ten times the size of Daren gets blown out of its roots by the wind, and it falls right next to us, as we all make a quick jump backwards.

Damn, that was close. I don't think I would have even noticed that tree without Daren's warning. I really need to pull myself together before I end up--

"Barry, behind you!" Daren shouts at me.

Unfortunately, Daren's warning came too late, and a large tree came falling down on top of me, squashing me underneath its weight, and killing me in a matter of seconds.


[33] "Stay close together!" Daren shouts, in order to make sure that we can hear him through the sound of the wind. "And watch out for lightning. We should always be careful to have tall trees surrounding us, so the lightning will strike them instead of us. Make sure to avoid flying at all costs. Come on, keep moving!"

As we advance through the storm, I find myself struggling to keep focusing on my surroundings, due to the intense headaches and feeling of nausea, but at least I'm capable enough to continue walking without needing to take a break.

"Watch out!" Daren shouts.

Suddenly, a tree that is ten times the size of Daren gets blown out of its roots by the wind, and it falls right next to us, as we all make a quick jump backwards.

Damn, that was close. I don't think I would have even noticed that tree without Daren's warning. I really need to pull myself together before I end up--

"Barry, behind you!" Daren shouts at me.

Upon hearing the tone of Daren's voice, I quickly realize that I have no time to turn around, and no time to think, so I let my instincts guide me instead, and I jump out of the way of the falling tree behind me, right at the moment when it was about to crush me under its weight.

As I look at the large trunk of the fallen tree in front of me, I realize, with shock, that if I reacted only a fraction of a second later, I would have been done for.


[34] "Well, that is to be expected when you cast an energizing spell twice in a row," Melindra says. "Not only does it have less of an effect, but it lasts for a shorter time as well. It should, however, hold you at least until we make camp."

"Okay," Daren says. "Now that we've got this problem out of the way, let's keep going. As long as we all pay attention, we should be able to avoid other falling trees easily enough."

We keep pressing forward for another twenty minutes, but the storm still doesn't look like it will be stopping anytime soon. In fact, it's been getting worse by the minute. Every time we hear a thunder, it feels almost as if someone set off a powerful explosion spell in our vicinity. The wind is now almost powerful enough to push us back while we're walking, and the number of rain drops has greatly increased as well. Will this storm never end?


[35] Alright, Barry, this is it. Just remember: act natural, and be subtle.

"There's this thing that's been on my mind since yesterday evening, and I just can't seem to get it out of my head..." I say. 

I then take a short pause before I continue.

"You wouldn't by any chance happen to have any feelings for me, would you?" I say.

Damn it, that wasn't subtle at all, was it?

"...Have you lost your mind?" Kate says, as she's looking straight at me, unsure what to make of me.

"No, wait!" I say. "I know that it looks as if I'm just asking you this completely out of the blue, but the truth is that there was something that Melindra said to me yesterday that drove me to ask you this question."

"Melindra again..." Kate says. "What did she say to you?"

"Well..." I say. "She told me that you might have feelings for me... because of that look you gave her when she grabbed me by the arm, yesterday, while she was pretending that we were a couple."

"Oh..." Kate says, as she gets a thoughtful look on her face, and turns her gaze to the side. "I see..."

After a few seconds of contemplation, Kate once again looks me straight in the eye, and she continues to speak.


[36] She pauses.

"But I think you already know that things will not go as smoothly with Daren," Kate continues. "The two of you are practically the only members of our group who are actually aiming to win this tournament, so if you both continue on your current path, you will eventually have no other choice than to fight each other. There can be only one winner of the Magium tournament."

"Yeah... I know," I say.

We then both remain silent for a while, before we speak again.

"Alright," I say. "Well, I guess I'll let you finish your meal, now. Meanwhile, I'll go see if I can find any more useful information in my notebook, regarding Eiden's loopholes."

"Good luck," Kate says, as she takes back her plate, and she resumes eating.

Having finished my discussion with Kate, I head back towards my tree stump, in order to get some reading done before we leave.


[37] "Stay close together!" Daren shouts, in order to make sure that we can hear him through the sound of the wind. "And watch out for lightning. We should always be careful to have tall trees surrounding us, so the lightning will strike them instead of us. Make sure to avoid flying at all costs. Come on, keep moving!"

As we advance through the storm, the wind finally manages to blow a few trees out of their roots, but we all manage to avoid sustaining any injuries by being alert and by paying attention to our surroundings.

We keep pressing forward for another twenty minutes, but the storm still doesn't look like it will be stopping anytime soon. In fact, it's been getting worse by the minute. Every time we hear a thunder, it feels almost as if someone set off a powerful explosion spell in our vicinity. The wind is now almost powerful enough to push us back while we're walking, and the number of rain drops has greatly increased as well. Will this storm never end?


[38] "Oh, this?" Melindra says, with a smirk. "Why, I got it from your backpack over there. Since I saw how much you were enjoying them earlier, it made me want to give them a try as well. Your backpack was unsecure and unguarded, so I figured that you wouldn't mind if I helped myself to a few of your biscuits."

I sigh.

"Don't tell me that you're still trying to get back at me for not letting you sleep in the tent..." I say. "Can't we just put an end to this feud and move on?"

"Of course!" Melindra says. "As soon as you apologize for what you've done, I'd be more than happy to call a truce."


[39] She then leaves me alone and goes to join Flower, while I flip a page from my notebook, and begin reading again.

After a while, I notice that the others are slowly gathering up and preparing to leave, so I put the notebook back inside my backpack, and I get ready to join them as well.

"Prepare yourselves," Daren says. "The rain could start pouring any minute now, judging by the intensity of the wind. Remember to stick together, and to watch out for falling trees."

"We're going this way," Melindra says, as she takes the lead. "Follow me."

We follow Melindra for half an hour or so, and during this time, the wind intensifies considerably. After a while, we start seeing lightning, and shortly afterwards, we get to experience a downpour of rain of the likes we've never seen before. It takes less than a minute for all of us to get completely soaked, and the powerful wind spraying the rain drops in our faces makes it feel almost like we're under a waterfall, instead of simply walking through some rain. As we move forward, the wind starts to blow even harder, and now it really does look like the trees are about to be pulled from their roots.


[40] "I most certainly hope so..." Daren says, as he looks suspiciously at one of the balls of fire circling him.

Once we're all dried up, Flower dismisses her spell, and the balls of fire each fade away, into the air.

"Alright!" Hadrik says, as he claps his hands together, loudly. "Well, it looks like we're going to be here for a while, so how about we find something to talk about, before we all get bored out of our skulls?"

"Like what?" Daren says.

"Like... for example Barry could tell us his progress on finding Eiden's loopholes," Hadrik says. "That's something that everyone is interested in, right?"

"Or maybe we could avoid giving away our strategies in front of someone who has openly admitted to being Eiden's friend," Kate says, with a cold tone in her voice.

"Come on," Hadrik says. "It's not like she's going to tell on us. Didn't you see how Eiden was ignoring her two days ago? "

"And yet she still considers him her friend," Kate says. "She said so herself. What is to stop her from telling Eiden all of our strategies the first time she meets him again?"

"Really?..." Melindra says. "Would you like me to take an enchanter's oath for that too? Because I'll do it, you know. Maybe at least then you won't feel the need to lower your voice for every little thing you say when you are within hearing range of me."


[41] "Oh, yeah, I remember!" Hadrik says. "It was on the second day of the tournament."

"Well," I say, "the thing is that Eiden teleported every tournament participant in the vicinity, including me, Daren and Kate, but he didn't notice the three of us until later.  This means that even if he has the ability to monitor everyone on the island with his magic sense, he still can't concentrate on everyone at once. Which shows that even with all his power, he still has some weaknesses that a normal person would have. He can still be distracted."

"Well, as far as weaknesses go, this one isn't really all that useful," Hadrik says.

I shrug.

"It's a start," I say. "When you're up against an enemy of this caliber, I'd argue that every little bit of information helps."

"Fair enough," Hadrik says. "So, what if we tried to uncover stuff about his past, instead? Or his motivations. Maybe that could help us fight him somehow. Like, for example, maybe we could find out the reason why he's filling the whole continent with those weird invisible spells."


[42] "It's good enough..." Kate says.

"Finally," Daren says, as he places his hand over his sword, confirming the oath, and then the sword loses its light.

"Okay... So, that happened... " Hadrik says. "Now, Barry, what were you going to tell us about Eiden's loopholes?"

"Oh, I wasn't going to tell you anything," I say. "Because I haven't discovered anything new since I found the loophole about Daren's protection spells."

"Spectacular," Melindra says. "Well, at least you can now all rest assured that this crucial piece of information will never reach Eiden's ears."

"Damn..." Hadrik says. "So, I guess we still don't know any of Eiden's weaknesses, then."

"Well, I wouldn't say that we don't know ANY of Eiden's weaknesses," I say. "It just depends on what you'd be willing to call a weakness. For example, do you remember that time when Eiden teleported us all to your location, right after you turned back into a giant and challenged everyone to a brawl?"


[43] "Oh, no, he didn’t 'just' give up," Melindra says. "He tried to reason with them for a long time. Much longer than your lifespan. And he did manage to lead them back on the right path a few times. But the more his expectations got betrayed, the more he stopped caring. I think it was when the people he trusted the most betrayed him that he finally lost it. I don't even remember their names. The king and queen of one of the cities. They seemed like such nice folk too... until it was uncovered that they were secretly running an underground show where people were getting eaten alive by dogs. I remember that after Eiden found out what they were doing, he organized a whole arena event just to have the king and queen eaten alive by the very dogs that they were using in their own events. It was shortly after this whole episode that Eiden told me he was finally giving up, and it was also around that time that he began closing his eyes."

"So he was just going to let those bastards do what they wanted?" Daren says, furiously. "What about all the innocent people in those cities that had nothing to do with all the atrocities?"


[44] 
[45] 