
[1] 

[2] As soon as Flower is done conjuring the food for me, she goes over to Melindra, to see if she wants some food made as well. I take my time to savor my meal, and while I'm eating, I can't help but notice the fact that the sky is particularly dark today, without even a small glimpse of sun being visible through the clouds covering it. There's going to be a storm coming soon. I can feel it.

Once I'm finished eating, I decide to begin dismantling my tent. The first thing I do is to crawl back inside and get my backpack out, but when I reach to grab it, I notice that there is also another backpack thrown on top of it. It does not take me long to realize that this backpack is Melindra's, and that she must have sneaked it inside my tent last night, while I was still asleep.


[3] "But that doesn't mean that I need to change how I live my life just to accommodate others!" Melindra says.

"I'm not telling you to change your entire lifestyle," I say. "I'm just telling you to not piss off everyone that you meet on purpose. Can't you at least do that much? Or would you rather spend the rest of our days on this journey without even being able to ask someone the simple favor of lending you a tent for the night?"

Melindra is now looking at me with her eyebrows furrowed, and with another pouting expression on her face.

"Fine," she says. "Maybe I could change my behavior a little. But ONLY a little."

"Well, it's a start," I say. "Anyway, I think we should be getting ready to leave soon. I see that the others have already dismantled all of their tents, and they're grabbing their backpacks."

Melindra and I grab our backpacks as well, and we join the others, who are just about done preparing for our departure. Once we're all ready to go, Melindra takes the lead, and we all begin to follow her, as we walk along the river's bank, just like yesterday.


[4] "This is for making me sleep with the bugs, last night," Melindra says loudly, in my ear. "Enjoy the rest of your morning!"

"Hey, wait!" I tell her, as she moves away from me. "Undo the spell! Damn it, come back, here!"

While Melindra heads towards the river bank, I can see the others' lips moving, but all I can hear is the sound of wind. Daren now appears to be looking at me and talking, but I can barely even make out a few words of what he's saying. Seeing that he's getting no response, Daren gets closer to me, and he begins to shout in my ear.

"What spell did she cast on you?" Daren shouts, as loud as he can.

"I don't know!" I shout back at him. "Some wind spell. I don't recognize it. There's a constant wind blowing in my ears and I can barely hear you speak!"


[5] Everyone is currently looking at me, including Daren, who has a mildly upset look on his face.

"Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm ready to go," I instinctively shout at them, even though they're all rather close to me.

Daren smacks his forehead hard with his right hand, and then he begins to argue with Melindra, although I cannot hear a word of what they are saying. From what they are gesticulating, I'm pretty sure that Daren is trying to give her reasons of why it would be a bad idea for me to remain deaf for the duration of our journey. It takes him a while, but he eventually manages to convince her to undo her spell, and Melindra makes a circular motion with one of her hands, as I can feel the wind from her spell gradually stop blowing in my ears.

"I undid the spell," Melindra says. "He can hear us now."

"Finally," Daren says. "Now come on, let's get going. We've wasted enough time already. Melindra, lead the way."

Just as Daren asked, Melindra goes to the front of the group to lead us to our destination, as we all begin to walk along the river's bank once more.


[6] After I'm done asking my question, Melindra pauses a little, to think about what I just said.

"No!" she says, after a few seconds. "You told me earlier that you found the reactions of your friends to be amusing. So, that means that you do understand me, at least a little! You know what I think you need? I think what you need is to loosen up. Don't worry, I can help you with that. You'll see. You will be thanking me later!"

"Damn it!" I say. "I only said it was a 'little' funny. Hey. HEY! Where are you going?"

"I'm going to get Flower," Melindra says, as she moves away from me. "I'll come back in a little bit, and then we can all have some breakfast. We can continue our discussion later."


[7] After I'm done asking my question, Melindra stays silent for a little, looking at me with a pouting expression on her face.

"You really didn't find the reactions of your friends from earlier to be amusing at all?" she says.

"No, I didn't," I say.

"Not even a little bit?" Melindra says.

"Not in the slightest," I answer her.

"Fine," Melindra says. "I'll see if I can tone down my teasing a little. But ONLY a little!"

"Okay, okay, I got it," I say.

"I'll go get Flower, then," Melindra says, as she moves away from me. "This discussion has made me even hungrier than before. I really hope that those delicacies that she was bragging about yesterday are as good as she said they'd be."


[8] "Cast another energizer spell!" Arraka says. "Ahahahahaha! I'm dying of laughter, here. Seriously, you're killing me. Ahahahaha!"

"Barry, you can't let her cast another energizer spell on you!" Flower says, with a panicked look in her eyes. "Especially after spending a whole night without sleep! That will only make the side-effects even worse after the second spell wears off!"

"Well," Melindra says, "do you want to spend the whole day travelling with a headache, or would you rather have the headache after we've made camp and you can rest? I'm just saying, you don't really have a lot of options, here. It's not like a little headache is going to be the end of the world, when you're safe in your camp and don't need to be constantly alert to your surroundings."


[9] "Oh, no, it's not that..." Kate says. "It was just that..."

She pauses.

"You see," she says, "Leila and I were never exactly friends back when we were at the Beacon... I spent most of my time with Diane and her brother, and Leila wasn't really allowed to socialize much with the rest of us, because she was a lessathi. But even so, the first time when I found out that she died, I was devastated. Gods, why did I have to believe the lies of those lessathi, who said that she was dead? Why did I not try to look for her?"

"Hey, even if you did, it's not like you would have made any progress, right?" I say. "Leila's lived all of her life here in Varathia with her adoptive father, so you wouldn't have had any more luck in finding her than you've had in trying to reach Diane. Don't beat yourself over it too much. The important thing is that she was safe... at least until recently, that is."

"Yes, you're right," Kate says. "I really owe a lot to her father. I hope we'll meet him when we reach Ollendor, so I can express my gratitude to him."


[10] "Oh, well my story is a little longer than that," I say.

I then begin to tell him about how Melindra came into my tent because she forgot to pack her own, and how I eventually let her sleep inside, while I left to join Kate on her shift.

"So that's what happened, then," Daren says. "Alright... Barry, you come with me and we'll set up Melindra's new tent. Kate, you should go to sleep. I'll take the rest of your shift."

"I will take you up on that offer," Kate says, as she gets up from the ground. "Good luck with... Melindra's tent."

She then starts heading towards her own tent, as Daren and I head towards his, in order to get a spare tent from his backpack. Once we are done with setting up the new tent, I go back to my own tent to wake up Melindra.

"Hey, Melindra, wake up!" I tell her.

"Mmmnnn..." Melindra says, with her eyes half-closed, in a sleepy voice. "Let me sleep a little longer..."

"You can sleep as much as you want in your own tent, but not here," I say.


[11] "I really doubt that we'll be meeting another one of Tyrath's elite groups anytime soon," Melindra says. "It's not like they grow on trees or anything. He can't afford to send all his finest warriors after just one group of mages. By the time we'll be seeing them again, we're probably already going to-- Whoa..."

Melindra suddenly stops in her tracks, as if she were just about to hit something, and then she begins to study an empty area in front of her very carefully, while the rest of us gather around her, trying to understand what she's doing.

"Are you seeing something there?..." Hadrik says, confused, as he tries to touch the empty area with one of his hands.

"No, don't touch it!" Melindra shouts, as she continues to inspect the area. "I still don't know what the spell actually does, yet."


[12] "Oh, no, no, no," Arraka says. "Therius was their leader. I was just fused with him. And the two of us weren't exactly friends. We tried to take over the body from each other constantly. But the most hilarious thing happened when he had to go to sleep for the first time. There was no way for him to stop me from taking over his body anymore, so I wreaked havoc all throughout his camp. Those idiots tried to kill me along with him, but I squashed them like bugs. I still left half of them alive, though, so that I could play some fun games with them. You should have seen Therius' face when he woke up to see the dead bodies of his friends. And the funniest part was that none of his friends would ever follow him of their own free will after that, so he had to lead them through fear and intimidation from that moment onwards. Oh, man, those were the days!"
 
"But what triggered the still winter?" Kate asks. "Why were the lessathi and the stillwaters at war with each other? And why wasn't Eiden on the side of the stillwaters?"

"Do you seriously think I was paying attention?" Arraka says. "I only just told you that I massacred half of my own army in one night. It's not like I cared to hear their reasons for going to war."


[13] "Oh," Flower tells me. "Well, there was also something else that I wanted to talk to you about."

"Go ahead," I tell her, as I take a bite from one of my biscuits.

"Remember when we found that puzzle piece inside the castle of Thilias?" Flower says.

"Yeah, I remember," I say.

"Well, Melindra told me earlier that she knows where we can get another one of the puzzle pieces!" Flower says. "She said that she had a puzzle piece herself a few hundred years ago, but she didn't feel like wasting time looking for the others, so she eventually threw it away. But she knows where she took it from. She found it in an abandoned building in one of the poorer districts of Ollendor."

"I see..." I say.

"Anyway," Flower continues, "so when Daren overheard our discussion, he said that you guys also found a puzzle piece in the ruins where we first met, and that you're the one holding onto it. Would you mind giving it to me, or are you also trying to collect all the pieces?"


[14] "Oh," Flower tells me. "Well, there was also something else that I wanted to talk to you about."

"Go ahead," I tell her, as I take a bite from one of my biscuits.

"Remember when we found that puzzle piece inside the castle of Thilias?" Flower says.

"Yeah, I remember," I say.

"Well, Melindra told me earlier that she knows where we can get another one of the puzzle pieces!" Flower says. "She said that she had a puzzle piece herself a few hundred years ago, but she didn't feel like wasting time looking for the others, so she eventually threw it away. But she knows where she took it from. She found it in an abandoned building in one of the poorer districts of Ollendor."

"I see..." I say.

"Anyway," Flower continues, "so what I wanted to ask you is if you didn't by any chance happen to run into any of the other puzzle pieces since you came to Varathia..."

"No, I didn't," I tell her.

"Awww," Flower says. "That's too bad. But I'll go ask the others too, just in case. With a little luck, they may have found some puzzle pieces by accident."


[15] "Oh," Flower tells me. "Well, there was also something else that I wanted to talk to you about."

"Go ahead," I tell her, as I take a bite from one of my biscuits.

"Remember how I found a secret corridor in the castle of Thilias, the first time when we visited it?"

"Oh... yeah, yeah, I remember," I say.

"Well," Flower says, "the thing is that what I found inside that corridor was a puzzle piece placed there by an old architect from Varathia, and also a message which said that if I found all of the puzzle pieces, I would uncover one of the architect's greatest secrets!"

"I see..." I say.

"Anyway," Flower continues, "so when Daren overheard our discussion, he said that you guys also found a puzzle piece in the ruins where we first met, and that you're the one holding onto it. Would you mind giving it to me, or are you also trying to collect all the pieces?"


[16] "Oh," Flower tells me. "Well, there was also something else that I wanted to talk to you about."

"Go ahead," I tell her, as I take a bite from one of my biscuits.

"Remember how I found a secret corridor in the castle of Thilias, the first time when we visited it?"

"Oh... yeah, yeah, I remember," I say.

"Well," Flower says, "the thing is that what I found inside that corridor was a puzzle piece placed there by an old architect from Varathia, and also a message which said that if I found all of the puzzle pieces, I would uncover one of the architect's greatest secrets!"

"I see..." I say.

"Anyway," Flower continues, "so what I wanted to ask you is if you didn't by any chance happen to run into any of the other puzzle pieces since you came to Varathia..."

"No, I didn't," I tell her.

"Awww," Flower says. "That's too bad. But I'll go ask the others too, just in case. With a little luck, they may have found some puzzle pieces by accident."


[17] Since Kate clearly doesn't want to talk to me anymore right now, I decide to head back towards my tree stump, in order to get some reading done before we leave. Once I reach the stump, I sit myself down, I take my notebook out of my backpack, and I begin to read.

After a while, I notice that the others are slowly gathering up and preparing to leave, so I put the notebook back inside my backpack, and I get ready to join them as well.

"Prepare yourselves," Daren says. "The rain could start pouring any minute now, judging by the intensity of the wind. Remember to stick together, and to watch out for falling trees."

"We're going this way," Melindra says, as she takes the lead. "Follow me."


[18] "Stay close together!" Daren shouts, in order to make sure that we can hear him through the sound of the wind. "And watch out for lightning. We should always be careful to have tall trees surrounding us, so the lightning will strike them instead of us. Make sure to avoid flying at all costs. Come on, keep moving!"

As we advance through the storm, the wind finally manages to blow a few trees out of their roots, but we all manage to avoid sustaining any injuries by being alert and by paying attention to our surroundings.

We keep pressing forward for another twenty minutes, but the storm still doesn't look like it will be stopping anytime soon. In fact, it's been getting worse by the minute. Every time we hear a thunder, it feels almost as if someone set off a powerful explosion spell in our vicinity. The wind is now almost powerful enough to push us back while we're walking, and the number of rain drops has greatly increased as well. Will this storm never end?


[19] "Oh, yeah, I remember!" Hadrik says. "It was on the second day of the tournament."

"Well," I say, "the thing is that Eiden teleported every tournament participant in the vicinity, including me, Daren and Kate, but he didn't notice the three of us until later.  This means that even if he has the ability to monitor everyone on the island with his magic sense, he still can't concentrate on everyone at once. Which shows that even with all his power, he still has some weaknesses that a normal person would have. He can still be distracted."

"Well, as far as weaknesses go, this one isn't really all that useful," Hadrik says.

I shrug.

"It's a start," I say. "When you're up against an enemy of this caliber, I'd argue that every little bit of information helps."

"Fair enough," Hadrik says. "So, what if we tried to uncover stuff about his past, instead? Or his motivations. Maybe that could help us fight him somehow. Like, for example, maybe we could find out the reason why he's filling the whole continent with those weird invisible spells."


[20] "He stopped caring about them," Melindra says. "He started calling them all sheep, and he said that they deserved everything that was happening to them. He even started to encourage some of the more messed up things that were happening in those cities, saying that it was 'what the people wanted'. It was around that time that the fox started to really lose her faith in him, and also when she began to impose all those ridiculously strict rules in her own kingdom, in order to avoid what happened in Eiden's cities at any cost. Eventually, Eiden just left the continent without a word, on a journey of self-discovery, or whatever the hell it was, and when he came back for the first time, twenty years ago, he heard about the animal hunting going on in Olmnar and... well I think you all know what happened then. That's when he had his official falling out with the fox, and then he left the continent again, soon afterwards."

"Yeah," Arraka says. "He probably tried to tell her that he solved the problem by destroying Olmnar, when it was in fact his departure that caused the animal hunts to begin in the first place. What a moron!"

"Uh..." Hadrik says. "I'm not trying to interrupt or anything, but weren't Eiden and the fox just two old allies from the still winter? Why was Arraka joking about Eiden trying to win her heart back, earlier? Why does it matter if they had a falling out or not?"

