
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] "Leila?..." Diane whispers back. "You mean the lessathi girl who was thrown in here with us two years ago? Listen, even if that caretaker is really trying to help us escape, you are still forgetting one thing."

Diane then points towards her neck, which has a collar around it, similar to the ones that the golden fox used against us.

"As long as Jason and I are still wearing these collars, we won't be able to get out of here," Diane says. "If we get too far away from this place, the collars will electrocute us, and that will be the end of our escape. But you don't have a collar! You're one of the rejects. If you really trust this man, then you could--"

"No!" Kate says, as she almost shouts by mistake. "You always do that! You always try to put your friends' needs before your own. I'm not going to let you do that now! We can all escape together. You, me, Leila, your brother--"

"I'm not sure how much Jason would agree with this plan," Diane says. "You know how he is. He never trusts anyone. Especially if they're lessathi. He was like this even before we knew about the test of loyalty. He barely even exchanges any words with the high-ranked lessathi that we are sent to escort on a regular basis. The only one that he seems to get along with is that woman... Meridith. Their second in command. I don't know what he sees in her. He always tells me how she's different from the other high-ranked lessathi, but for me, they're all the same. They all know what's happening here. They're not blind. They're all to blame."


[3] "But I want to see it!"

"Fine, whatever..." Arraka says. "Don't say I didn't warn you, though."

The scenery around us changes again, and now we are located in another holding cell, which appears to be Kate's room. Kate is the only one in the cell, and from what I can tell, she is currently having a conversation with a person standing outside of her window. I can't see his face, because he is hiding behind the wall, but I can only guess that it's the lessathi to whom Leila refers as her father.

"Those collars will be tricky to deal with," I hear the caretaker say, "but I should be able to remove them, with the right tools. It will take time, however, and it can't be done while organizing an escape. What I could do instead is to disable their electrocuting effects until we are safely out of this place. It would still leave them unable to use their magic, but the important part is that they won't get killed when they will step out of the Beacon."


[4] "I suppose it would be better to skip it, then."

"A fine choice," Arraka says. "Let's get out of here."


[5] "Could you show me Diane's discussion with her brother, instead, then?"

"I suppose..." Arraka says. "I'm not exactly sure how relevant it's going to be, but at least it shouldn't be a complete waste of our time."

Instead of the scenery changing, this time, we remain in the same room, but Diane is no longer standing where she was before, and it seems that she has a new visitor. This person, who is currently talking with Diane, is a boy in his late teens, with short, blond hair, which I assume is her brother, Jason. His overall physique is not very impressive, but the look in his eyes is much more mature than one would expect from a boy of his age. He looks like the sort of guy who is very confident in his abilities and who knows exactly what he wants. Just like his sister, he is also wearing a collar around his neck, and he is dressed in rags.

"Diane," Jason says, "I've told you many times before that you should take everything Kate tells you with a grain of salt. I know that she is your best friend, but that girl is way too trusting for her own good. When you put so much trust into people, it hurts that much more when you inevitably get betrayed. Mark my words, one day, she will get betrayed so badly, that she will never want to trust anyone ever again, and when that happens, you won't be able to tell me that I didn't warn you..."

"So, you're saying, what... that she should be more like you?" Diane says. "Ever since I've known you, you've never trusted anyone other than yourself. How is that any better?"


[6] As soon as Arraka stops talking, we get transported into a different room, where Kate is currently talking with a girl that has light brown hair, and who appears to be around fifteen years of age. Just like Kate and Diane, she is dressed in some old, tattered clothes, but her hair is less messy, and she seems to be taking much more care of her physical appearance than the other two girls. She also has a pleasant smile, and a charismatic way of talking, which makes me think that she is the type who easily gets along with other people.

"Please," Kate says. "You are the only one who can help me. The other orphans never listen to me, but I'm sure they'll listen to you! You've always had a way with words, and everyone trusts your judgment. You're almost like a leader, of sorts."

"You flatter me, Kate!" the girl says. "But this isn't an easy task you are asking of me. Do you not remember what happened the last time when we decided to trust one of the caretakers? The lessathi chose to kill only one of us, back then, in order to set an example, but that could have been any one of us. They had no reason to choose Benjamin, out of all of us. He didn't stand out in any way. He didn't even say a word. But they simply kept beating him and beating him in front of us, and they just wouldn't stop. Even after he was dead, they still wouldn't stop. If we try to escape again, and they catch us, I don't think that they will settle for killing only one person, anymore. This time, they're going to kill all of us, and they're not going to show us any mercy..."


[7] The orphans are all dressed in the same type of gray rags, and most of them have very tired looks on their faces, as if this place has sucked the life right out of them. They also appear to be very malnourished, and some of them have bruises all over their bodies. The ages of the orphans seem to be no higher than nineteen, and no lower than four, but most of them are aged between six and fifteen years old. The only orphans who are not lined up with the others are Diane and her brother. They are instead standing near the lessathi, likely due to their bodyguard status.

The lessathi are currently talking among themselves, but the orphans are all dead silent, and awaiting impatiently for the meeting to begin. From the looks of things, it seems that the lessathi are still waiting for one or two more of their colleagues to arrive, before announcing to everyone the reason why they called them here. 

"Really?..." I tell Arraka, after we wait for about ten more seconds. "You couldn't have brought us any closer in time to the beginning of the meeting? How much longer are we supposed to wait, here?"


[8] The orphans are all dressed in the same type of gray rags, and most of them have very tired looks on their faces, as if this place has sucked the life right out of them. They also appear to be very malnourished, and some of them have bruises all over their bodies. The ages of the orphans seem to be no higher than nineteen, and no lower than four, but most of them are aged between six and fifteen years old. The only orphans who are not lined up with the others are Diane and a boy in his late teens, with short, blond hair, who I assume is her brother, Jason. They are instead standing near the lessathi, likely due to their bodyguard status.

Jason's overall physique is not very impressive, but the look in his eyes is much more mature than one would expect from a boy of his age. He looks like the sort of guy who is very confident in his abilities and who knows exactly what he wants. Just like Diane, he is also wearing a collar around his neck, and he is dressed in the same gray rags as all the other orphans.

The lessathi are currently talking among themselves, but the orphans are all dead silent, and awaiting impatiently for the meeting to begin. From the looks of things, it seems that the lessathi are still waiting for one or two more of their colleagues to arrive, before announcing to everyone the reason why they called them here. 

"Really?..." I tell Arraka, after we wait for about ten more seconds. "You couldn't have brought us any closer in time to the beginning of the meeting? How much longer are we supposed to wait, here?"


[9] "What kind of test are you talking about?"

"I'm trying to see if any of the lessathi over there are able to sense our presence," Arraka says. "I've been trying to reach them through a myriad of magical frequencies for the past few minutes, but I haven't had any luck just yet. If my theory is correct, then the fact that we are linked to the Magium right now should make it possible for them to detect us, even if we don't technically exist in their own world. Maybe I'm going about this in the wrong way, though. Let me try something else."

All of a sudden, three clowns appear out of nowhere, right between the lessathi and the row of orphans, and they start to dance in place, imitating the movement of gorillas, with big grins on their faces.


[10] "Why would the lessathi have direct access to the Magium?"

"They are allied with the kings of Varathia, remember?" Arraka says. "They even helped with the organization of this tournament. If the kings have access to the Magium, then so do they."
 
"Oh, right, I forgot," I say. "So what kind of test are you planning to do, exactly?"

"I'm trying to see if any of the lessathi over there are able to sense our presence," Arraka says. "I've been trying to reach them through a myriad of magical frequencies for the past few minutes, but I haven't had any luck just yet. If my theory is correct, then the fact that we are linked to the Magium right now should make it possible for them to detect us, even if we don't technically exist in their own world. Maybe I'm going about this in the wrong way, though. Let me try something else."

All of a sudden, three clowns appear out of nowhere, right between the lessathi and the row of orphans, and they start to dance in place, imitating the movement of gorillas, with big grins on their faces.


[11] "How do you think the lessathi might have gotten their affinity to the Magium?"

"I have no idea," Arraka says. "One thing I remember reading in the writings of the lessathi of old was that their race has had somewhat of an unhealthy obsession with the Magium for many thousands of years, so maybe that could have been part of the reason. But if you're asking me exactly how it happened, then your guess is as good as mine."

"I see..." I say. "So, what kind of test were you planning to do, exactly?"

"I'm trying to see if any of the lessathi over there are able to sense our presence," Arraka says. "I've been trying to reach them through a myriad of magical frequencies for the past few minutes, but I haven't had any luck just yet. If my theory is correct, then the fact that we are linked to the Magium right now should make it possible for them to detect us, even if we don't technically exist in their own world. Maybe I'm going about this in the wrong way, though. Let me try something else."

All of a sudden, three clowns appear out of nowhere, right between the lessathi and the row of orphans, and they start to dance in place, imitating the movement of gorillas, with big grins on their faces.


[12] "Aha!" Arraka says, as she makes the clowns disappear. "I knew it! I knew that these bastards were resonating with the Magium somehow. But then again, if the lessathi have such a good affinity with the Magium, then how is it that Eiden and the fox were the ones who first learned how to create food out of nothing, and not them? Wasn't that knowledge somehow taken from the Magium as well? Hmm..."

"You do realize," I say, "that if you're going to keep giving me so much information about the Magium, I will eventually figure out what it is, right?"

"So what?..." Arraka says. "Do I look like I care? This is all a game to me. I couldn't care less if you find out the true nature of the Magium. I've only been hiding it from you because I find your reactions to be amusing. It's not like I was forbidden to talk about this by the Magium itself, like Flower and Illuna."

"What did you just say?..." I ask her, shocked.

"Arraka, don't say another word," Illuna says, with a mixture of both anger and fear in her eyes. "I'm warning you!"


[13] "You arrogant fool!!!" Illuna shouts, all of a sudden, as she grabs Arraka's amulet in her hand, to bring it close to her face, while her eyes are shining with a bright blue color. "Do you realize what you've done?!"

This must be the first time I've seen Illuna so furious ever since Arraka told us about the sacred woods massacre, in the ogre stronghold. As Arraka stays completely silent, the world flickers around us once again, and I can feel myself fading in and out of existence several times in a row, before I get returned to the underground hallway, sweating harder than ever.

"Are you going to just stay silent until we get erased from existence?!" Illuna shouts at Arraka again.

"Shut up!" Arraka says, with a slight tremble of fear in her voice. "I'm trying to fix this, but I can't do it if you keep distracting me. Just... give me a minute!"


[14] "Then how about bringing us to the actual start of the lessathi meeting?" I say. "We've been wasting enough time here as it is."

"Yes, I was just about to do that," Arraka says.

She then accelerates the time, until the last of the lessathi finally make their way into the hallway, to join their colleagues. Once everyone is assembled, the meeting finally begins.

"You may all be wondering why we've called you here..." says a lessathi with gray hair and a long gray beard, who appears to be in his late fifties. "I will try to keep this brief. It has been brought to our attention that a few of you have been approached by a certain individual, offering to help you escape from our facility. As you all know, the rules state that if someone were to make such an offer, you would immediately be obligated to notify us about it. Unfortunately, not only has this rule not been followed properly, but there have also been a few cases where some children agreed to escape. Needless to say, we are very disappointed. Therefore, this meeting has been called for two main reasons."


[15] "Can we just skip directly to the important parts, then?"

"This IS one of the important parts," Arraka says. "Although I suppose there's a discussion between Kate and her friend that could technically be skipped later on, without losing too much context. Let me just fast-forward all the way to the beginning of this meeting, because I'm starting to lose my patience, here."

She then accelerates the time, until the last of the lessathi finally make their way into the hallway, to join their colleagues. Once everyone is assembled, the meeting finally begins.

"You may all be wondering why we've called you here..." says a lessathi with gray hair and a long gray beard, who appears to be in his late fifties. "I will try to keep this brief. It has been brought to our attention that a few of you have been approached by a certain individual, offering to help you escape from our facility. As you all know, the rules state that if someone were to make such an offer, you would immediately be obligated to notify us about it. Unfortunately, not only has this rule not been followed properly, but there have also been a few cases where some children agreed to escape. Needless to say, we are very disappointed. Therefore, this meeting has been called for two main reasons."


[16] "Yes, sir," Olivia says, in a very timid voice, as she joins the lessathi, and then turns to face the other orphans.

When she sees her friend, Olivia, joining her mortal enemies, Kate is momentarily frozen in shock, and immediately afterwards, her previous trembling gets a lot more violent.

"Olivia has been secretly serving as our informant for quite a while," the bearded lessathi says. "However, she hasn't really produced many notable results until now. We've told her in the past that if she ever managed to make a significant contribution to our cause, then we would consider giving her a more important role in our organization, and with the help she's provided to us today, she might just obtain that position. In short, your friend, Olivia, came to us today to warn us about the traitor, and also to warn us that there might be others, willing to join him. She then agreed to carry a transceiver with her, and to keep it open, so that we could hear her talking to the traitor, and to all of the children that said they wanted to join in on the escape plan. Since we already have all the proof we need, we will expect you to come quietly to the front, without posing any resistance, as soon as your names are called."

He then coughs loudly before he continues.

"There are four names on our list," the lessathi says. "William, Hannah, Lillian and Matthew. Please don't waste any more of our time by pretending that you didn't hear us call you. I think we all know what happens to those who openly try to disobey us..."


[17] "No!" Kate shouts loudly, all of a sudden. "You can't take them with you! They did nothing wrong!"

As I take a look at Kate, I see that she has finally managed to stop her trembling, and she now has a much more determined look on her face. Every single person in the room is now staring at Kate, as the bearded lessathi slowly approaches her.

"What did you just say?..." the bearded lessathi says, calmly, as soon as he reaches her. 

"I said they did nothing wrong!" Kate says, with a somewhat shakier voice. "All they wanted was to escape this hellhole of a place. How can you blame them for wanting that?"

"Strange..." the lessathi says. "I don't remember you ever being brave enough to stand up to us before. In fact, I remember you as being both very timid, and obedient. Your aura seems different from how I remembered it as well. I wonder what could have happened, to cause such a great change in your personality... Perhaps we should try to dissect you and find out. You are a reject after all. It's not like your death would be much of a loss to us."


[18] "Kate?..." Meridith says. "You mean your best friend from the Beacon that you once told me about?"

"Allow me to explain, Lady Meridith!" the bearded lessathi says.

He then points towards Kate, with pure hatred in his eyes.

"This... reject, was trying to interfere with our process of re-education!" the lessathi says. 

"Re-education?..." Meridith asks.

"Precisely!" the lessathi says. "Those four orphans that are standing over there have broken our rules, and they must be re-educated, so that they will no longer cause any problems. But this reject was trying to give us orders! She was telling us that we have no right to take the orphans away with us."

"What exactly is this... re-education process that you keep telling me about?" Meridith says.


[19] "I'd say not much, given what we've heard from Golmyck."

"Why?" Arraka says. "Because they're encouraging slavery? You do realize that slavery isn't seen as a big deal around these parts, don't you? Most people are treating it as a normal part of society. When I was talking about a change in management, I was referring to the kind of practices that actually need to be hidden from the public, like the torture and brainwashing that they're doing at this 'Beacon of Hope'."

"Well, I'm pretty sure that they never made a second Beacon, so at least there's that, I guess..." I say.

"Arraka," Illuna says, "don't you think we should be focusing on escaping this place instead of having casual conversations?"

"I AM focusing on escaping," Arraka says. "The only reason why I'm continuing with the ritual is to calm my nerves, while I try to make an escape plan."

"Why can't we just go out the way we came in?" Illuna says.

"Because I'm not sure if it's safe!" Arraka says. "Normally, I would waltz right out of here without a second thought, but this carelessness of mine is what got us into this mess in the first place. Now I'm double-checking and triple-checking everything. As long as we stay here, we're fine, but if we try to exit without taking any precautions, we may alert the Magium by mistake."


[20] "What I'm wondering is if she had a hand in the shutting down of the Beacon."

"I doubt it," Arraka says. "If their 'great leader' Heksol is the one who approved this project, then he is the only one who would have any power to actually shut it down, and I don't think he gives a damn about any of these orphans. The Beacon got shut down before Meridith took over, as far as I know, so her actions probably didn't have any meaningful contribution."

"Arraka," Illuna says, "don't you think we should be focusing on escaping this place instead of having casual conversations?"

"I AM focusing on escaping," Arraka says. "The only reason why I'm continuing with the ritual is to calm my nerves, while I try to make an escape plan."

"Why can't we just go out the way we came in?" Illuna says.

"Because I'm not sure if it's safe!" Arraka says. "Normally, I would waltz right out of here without a second thought, but this carelessness of mine is what got us into this mess in the first place. Now I'm double-checking and triple-checking everything. As long as we stay here, we're fine, but if we try to exit without taking any precautions, we may alert the Magium by mistake."


[21] "Well, Diane is no longer wearing a collar, so some things have definitely changed."

"Oh, you've met her, recently?" Arraka says.

"Yeah, and she said that she was working with the lessathi of her own free will," I say. "It didn't really seem like she trusted the lessathi she was escorting at the time, but from what I heard her say, it looked like she was considering Meridith to be her ally, at least."

"Arraka," Illuna says, "don't you think we should be focusing on escaping this place instead of having casual conversations?"

"I AM focusing on escaping," Arraka says. "The only reason why I'm continuing with the ritual is to calm my nerves, while I try to make an escape plan."

"Why can't we just go out the way we came in?" Illuna says.

"Because I'm not sure if it's safe!" Arraka says. "Normally, I would waltz right out of here without a second thought, but this carelessness of mine is what got us into this mess in the first place. Now I'm double-checking and triple-checking everything. As long as we stay here, we're fine, but if we try to exit without taking any precautions, we may alert the Magium by mistake."


[22] "Ah!" Arraka says. "I think I get it now. What she needs to do to complete the ritual is to no longer intervene, and to let that caretaker rescue only the children that he got to save in the original timeline. That's going to take her a while to figure out, I guess... Alright, let's move on to the next scene."

We are then transported into Diane's room, where we see Kate trying yet again to convince her friend that she knows some information from the future, and that they can escape the Beacon together.

"This isn't the first time I've been sent back..." Kate says. "I can prove to you that I'm coming from the future. I know exactly when the caretakers will be bringing our meals, and what we will have for breakfast. I know when the caretaker who wants to help us escape will contact us, and I know what he will say. I know many things. And I also know that Olivia is an informant to the lessathi... We can't let her know about our escape plan, or she will tell them immediately. I'm going to try and convince the others myself, but you need to be the one to tell your brother about this. He won't trust anyone else..."

"If you're really serious about those things you said," Diane says, "then give me a list of everything you know, and I'll make sure to give it to Jason as soon as possible. I'm sure he would be much more inclined to take you seriously if he sees the proof with his own eyes."

"Don't worry," Kate says. "You'll have the list. I'm going to make sure that everything goes right this time. I won't fail again!"


[23] "Ah!" Arraka says. "I think I get it now. What she needs to do to complete the ritual is to no longer intervene, and to let that caretaker rescue only the children that he got to save in the original timeline. That's going to take her a while to figure out, I guess... Alright, let's see if we can make this a little quicker, then."


[24] "So, are you any closer to finding a way that gets us out of here safely?" I say.

"It's hard to say," Arraka tells me. "I've been making progress, but there are still a lot of verifications that need to be done. Like I said, I'm not doing anything until I can be absolutely certain that there are no risks."

"Right..." I say.

As we keep watching Kate go back in time over and over again, her tries seem to be getting more desperate with each new time loop. She is now trying to save even Olivia from the Beacon, because she is under the impression that the reason why time is repeating itself is that she didn't manage to save every single one of the orphans from their prison. Her tries have gotten her captured numerous times, but luckily for her, even in the cases where she didn't get rescued by Meridith, the time would always reset itself at the end of the day, so the lessathi never managed to finish their preparations for her dissection, or her re-education process, before she was sent back.

After many more attempts, Kate finally managed to get everyone out safely, including Olivia, although the time would obviously still keep repeating itself, even in the most perfect possible scenarios. The optimism that could be seen on Kate's face after the first few successful rescue attempts was now gradually turning into despair, as she was slowly starting to suspect that completing her ritual would require a completely different course of action on her part.


[25] "Rose is still inside her ritual?" I say. "Can you show it to me? Or would that be too dangerous?"

"Moving between rituals is not a problem, because we remain linked to the Magium in our non-corporeal forms while we do it," Arraka says. "It's only when we're switching back to our regular bodies that we become vulnerable."

"So... can we go, then?" I say.

"Sure, I don't see why not..." Arraka says. "I was starting to get a little bored of this ritual, anyway."

The scenery around us suddenly changes completely, and we now find ourselves back in Thilias, in the middle of an empty alleyway of what appears to be one of the richer districts from the city, where a nineteen year old Rose is currently on her knees, with tears flowing from her eyes.

"Please, stop making me do this..." Rose says, while crying. "I don't want to do this anymore. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry..."

"Wait, what's happening here?" I ask Arraka. "How did it come to this?"


[26] "That's terrible..."

"You think so?" Arraka says. "Because as far as rituals go, this one seems pretty light, to me. I mean, take Flower's ritual, for example. She was given the illusion that she could save all of her friends from Olmnar, when it wasn't even her fault that she couldn't save them the first time. Now, that's real cruelty! This ritual, on the other hand, just forces Rose to see the direct consequences of her actions. It's not like she didn't know these things would happen, when she made her choices. She just chose to not really think about it, because it was more comfortable for her that way."

"Even so..." I say. "This ritual is still going a bit too far."

"If you say so," Arraka says.

Not long after we stop talking, an eighteen year old girl dressed in dirty, worn down clothes, is making her way into the alleyway, and she appears to be limping on her right leg. Judging by the looks of her clothes and her messy, blonde hair, she is most likely a slave, but I'm not seeing her master anywhere near her. Could it be that she's run away and is now looking for a place to hide?

"No..." Rose says, as she gets up and takes two steps back, with a look of both shock and fear in her eyes, when she sees the slave slowly approaching her. "No, no, no... Not this. Anything but this."


[27] "Seems fair."

"I know, right?" Arraka says. "This ritual barely even compares to some of the others. I mean, take Illuna's ritual, for example. It's not like it was her fault that she needed to kill all those animals in the sacred forest. That all happened because of me. And yet, the ritual still forced her to repeat that massacre all over again, and to watch her friends die in front of her eyes. Now, that's real cruelty! This ritual, on the other hand, just forces Rose to see the direct consequences of her actions. It's not like she didn't know these things would happen, when she made her choices. She just chose to not really think about it, because it was more comfortable for her that way."

While Arraka was talking about the sacred woods massacre, I could see Illuna making her right hand into a fist, and squeezing it really hard, but she didn't say anything.

Not long after we stop talking, an eighteen year old girl dressed in dirty, worn down clothes, is making her way into the alleyway, and she appears to be limping on her right leg. Judging by the looks of her clothes and her messy, blonde hair, she is most likely a slave, but I'm not seeing her master anywhere near her. Could it be that she's run away and is now looking for a place to hide?

"No..." Rose says, as she gets up and takes two steps back, with a look of both shock and fear in her eyes, when she sees the slave slowly approaching her. "No, no, no... Not this. Anything but this."


[28] "What about the cases where nothing really bad happened to the slaves afterwards?"

"I'm pretty sure that those are just being skipped," Arraka says. "It wouldn't make for much of a show if they didn't cut out the boring parts, now would it?"
     
"But what if she forgets what she said to these slaves?" I say. "Would the ritual just keep going on forever?"

"Nah," Arraka says. "This ritual has access to her memories, so it knows exactly what she remembers and what she doesn't. If it's something deeply buried in her subconscious that she doesn't want to remember, then she will probably be forced to remember it, but if it's just a matter of no longer knowing the exact words she used, it probably won't make that much of a difference. After all, this ritual's purpose is to maximize her amount of suffering, not to annoy the hell out of her."

"I suppose that makes sense," I say.

Not long after we stop talking, an eighteen year old girl dressed in dirty, worn down clothes, is making her way into the alleyway, and she appears to be limping on her right leg. Judging by the looks of her clothes and her messy, blonde hair, she is most likely a slave, but I'm not seeing her master anywhere near her. Could it be that she's run away and is now looking for a place to hide?

"No..." Rose says, as she gets up and takes two steps back, with a look of both shock and fear in her eyes, when she sees the slave slowly approaching her. "No, no, no... Not this. Anything but this."


[29] "There she is!" shouts a man dressed in extravagant clothes, as he enters the alleyway and sees the slave girl. "I found her. Get over here and help me capture her!"

Answering the noble's call, two more men, who appear to be his lackeys, now enter the alley as well, and then all three of them head towards Rose and the slave girl.

"Let go of my hands!" the slave girl cries, as her attempts to pull herself away are getting more violent than before. "I beg you! I can't go back there... He's going to kill me. You have to understand. You have to!"

Once the noble reaches the girl, Rose lets go of her hands, and the man pulls the slave by the arm so violently towards him, that he may well have dislocated her shoulder in the process.

"I hope you've had your fun," the noble tells the slave, with a very angry look in his eyes, "because after what you've done today, I will be expecting you to accept your punishment without even the slightest resistance. Do you understand?"

"Yes, sir..." the slave girl says, with a very meek tone in her voice, as her whole body is trembling in fear.

"Good," the noble says.

He then turns to Rose.


[30] "Okay, I think I might finally be getting somewhere with our escape plan," Arraka says. "Just give me a few seconds and I'll--"

"Barry? Illuna?..." we hear Rose say, as we now notice that she is looking straight at us.

"You can see us?" I ask, shocked, as I look into Rose's eyes as well.

"Oh, right, I forgot," Arraka says. "She is spending half of her ritual in her semi-transparent form, so she's practically in the same world as us, now. Aaaanyway, I'm sorry to interrupt your reunion, but our way out is finally clear, and I don't plan to waste this opportunity. You'd better get yourselves ready for some strong nausea, because our comfort will be the very last thing on my mind while we escape this place."


[31] "If you think she's scared now, then you should have seen her earlier..."

"Well, I'll be damned..." Hadrik says. "Now I'm starting to regret that I wasn't there with you guys in your ritual. Mine was boring, in comparison."

"Actually it wasn't our ritual, it was--" I start to say, but I get interrupted by Arraka.

"Oh, your ritual was boring, you say!" Arraka says, loudly, so that she drowns out my voice. "Are you sure you're not trying to hide something? Because the way I remember your ritual, it was anything but boring..."

"What do you know about my ritual?..." Hadrik says, as he regains the uneasiness from before in his eyes.

"More than you think, dwarf," Arraka says. "And I'm not talking only about your trial from the God of Time. I've looked through some of your memories too, since they were pretty much out in the open, when you were trapped in there. I saw some very interesting things, while I was looking through the memories that were related to your ritual. Want me to tell you what I found out?"


[32] "Trust me, if you'd have gone through what we just did, you'd be panicking like that too."

"Well, you know me, Barry," Hadrik says. "Even if I'm scared out of my wits, I still could never pass up a good challenge!"

"Is that so?" Arraka says. "In that case you must have absolutely loved your ritual! Because from what I saw, to say that your trial was a challenge would be quite an understatement."

"What do you know about my ritual?..." Hadrik says, as he regains the uneasiness from before in his eyes.

"More than you think, dwarf," Arraka says. "And I'm not talking only about your trial from the God of Time. I've looked through some of your memories too, since they were pretty much out in the open, when you were trapped in there. I saw some very interesting things, while I was looking through the memories that were related to your ritual. Want me to tell you what I found out?"


[33] "Actually, you have a pretty uneasy look too. Did something happen during your ritual?"

"Well, the only thing that happened during my ritual was that there were not enough battles," Hadrik says. "I was expecting more of a challenge, you know? That's why it was sort of a letdown."

"Oh, you were expecting more of a challenge, dwarf?" Arraka says. "That's funny, because that's not the way it seemed to me, from what I saw during your ritual."

"What do you know about my ritual?..." Hadrik says, as he regains the uneasiness from before in his eyes.

"More than you think, dwarf," Arraka says. "And I'm not talking only about your trial from the God of Time. I've looked through some of your memories too, since they were pretty much out in the open, when you were trapped in there. I saw some very interesting things, while I was looking through the memories that were related to your ritual. Want me to tell you what I found out?"


[34] "How many are still inside their rituals?" Daren asks me. "Only Kate and Rose?"

"Yeah, only Kate and Rose," I say. "You can tell from the glowy eyes. I think that we need to wait for everyone to be done with the first stage, before we can pass on to the next one."

"I can't say that I'm looking forward to it," Daren says. "Where is the God of Time? Is he still watching us?"

"No, he went back to the magical plane," I say. "He'll come back again at the end of the ritual, according to Arraka."

While Daren and I were talking, Kate managed to get out of her trance as well, but the expression she has now on her face is very painful to watch. Leaving aside her strong feelings of sadness and regret that can be easily seen at a first glance, I think it's the look of resignation from her eyes that really shows just how much this ritual has gotten to her. Realizing that she is no longer alone, Kate immediately changes the expression on her face to one of only extreme fatigue, as she asks us the same questions that Daren asked, a few moments ago.

"Is everyone else already done with their ritual?" Kate says. "And where is the God of Time? I thought he was supposed to oversee these trials until their very end."


[35] "How many are still inside their rituals?" Daren asks me. "Only Kate?"

"Yeah, only Kate," I say. "You can tell from the glowy eyes. I think that we need to wait for everyone to be done with the first stage, before we can pass on to the next one."

"I can't say that I'm looking forward to it," Daren says. "Where is the God of Time? Is he still watching us?"

"No, he went back to the magical plane," I say. "He'll come back again at the end of the ritual, according to Arraka."

While Daren and I were talking, Kate managed to get out of her trance as well, but the expression she has now on her face is very painful to watch. Leaving aside her strong feelings of sadness and regret that can be easily seen at a first glance, I think it's the look of resignation from her eyes that really shows just how much this ritual has gotten to her. Realizing that she is no longer alone, Kate immediately changes the expression on her face to one of only extreme fatigue, as she asks us the same questions that Daren asked, a few moments ago.

"Is everyone else already done with their ritual?" Kate says. "And where is the God of Time? I thought he was supposed to oversee these trials until their very end."


[36] 
[37] 