
[1] 

[2] "I'll... try..." Diane says, hesitantly.

"Thank you," Kate says. "I will come to talk to you again, after speaking with the caretaker about the collars. I'm sure we'll be able to work something out. See you soon!"

"Alright," Arraka says, as Kate walks out of the room. "I took a quick look through the following events, and I think it should be safe to skip the next part. I'll just go ahead and--"

"Wait," I say. "What's the next part about?"

"Oh," Arraka says, "it's just some uninteresting stuff about her talking with the caretaker, and him confirming that it's possible to take off the collars. It's a waste of time."


[3] "You know I don't like it when you talk like this..." Diane says. "I thought that our goal was to escape this place. Why would we care about the lessathi world, and how they change for the better? Let them rot, for all I care! I only want to be free of this nightmare, so we can live the rest of our lives in peace together. All three of us."

"And we will!" Jason says. "What I'm doing is for the sake of all of us. Kate included. You'll understand when you're older."

"You always say this!" Diane says. "What about Kate's plan, regarding the lessathi caretaker? Are you at least going to consider it?"

"I'll... think about it," Jason says. "Anyway, I need to get going. If I stay too much here, the guards will start to think that we're plotting something. Take care!"

"Well that was, uh... interesting," Arraka says. "Anyway, let's get back to the stuff that's actually somewhat relevant to this ritual."


[4] "I understand, Kate," Olivia says. "You know that I've always been your friend. If you are willing to put so much trust into this man, then I will believe in you, and your judgment. I will try to convince as many people as I can, but I can't promise you anything. I'll tell you later how things went."

"Thank you so much!" Kate says, with a relieved look on her face. "I will also talk to Diane and tell her what you said. We'll talk more when you have something new to tell me. See you later!"

"Goodbye!" Olivia says, as she regains her pleasant smile from before, and then Kate goes to exit her room.

"Okay, this next part's going to be really good," Arraka says. "Get ready!"

The environment around us changes yet again, but this time, we find ourselves in a very large underground hallway, where about a hundred or so orphans are currently all lined up, and standing straight, while looking at a few men dressed in dark blue robes, in front of them. I'm assuming that the men in blue robes are the lessathi that run the place, but what's strange is that all of them are standing up, except for one, who is currently on his knees, with his hood covering his face, and his head bowed down.


[5] "Well, at this moment, you are the one bombarding ME with too much information!" I say. "What do you mean the lessathi have an aura that resonates strongly with the Magium? Am I not a lessathi too? Or a half-lessathi, whatever. Are you trying to tell me that I already had the Magium with me all along? Because it sure as hell doesn't feel like it to me!"

"Of course not," Arraka says. "What kind of logic is that? Wasn't the exact wording of the tournament organizers that they would give you 'access' to the Magium if you win? That has nothing to do with simply having an affinity towards it. Leaving aside the fact that you are probably getting far less information from the Magium than a regular lessathi, due to being half human, most of that information is completely useless to you, because you have no way to process it. On the other hand, if you have a way to access the Magium directly, from the earthen plane, then that natural affinity of yours will suddenly become a lot more useful. The lessathi on this continent already HAVE direct access to the Magium. That's why an affinity to it would be helpful for them. But again, this is all just a theory, until I make my test."


[6] Right before Arraka got to finish her sentence, I felt a sensation that was so terrifying and so hard to put into words, that any threat I might have felt to my life from the likes of Arraka and the God of Time simply paled in comparison to what I felt just now. It was no longer a question of fearing for my life. I was fearing for my very existence. I felt the whole world flicker around me, for a fraction of a second, as if everything froze in time and lost all of its color. Then, within the same fraction of a second, it all simply vanished from right before my eyes, and all I could see now was emptiness. An emptiness that stretched for miles and miles, even though it was made of nothing.

What felt like a moment, also felt like an eternity at the same time, and during that eternity which lasted for less than a second, I got to experience the sheer dread of complete non-existence. Not only had my life been wiped away, but the very notion of me had been completely erased from the tapestry of the universe. For that fraction of a second, I was nothing, and yet, I was still there, somewhere, trapped for an eternity in a complete void, while trying in vain to make sense of the utter absurdity of my situation.

Once I find myself back in my semi-transparent body and in a world full of color, I suddenly realize that I am completely drenched in cold sweat, and that I can feel my heart beating in my chest like a very loud drum. Flower also seems to be frozen in shock, as she simply stares straight ahead of her, without saying a word.


[7] "You're saying that you used an illusion to create a distraction?..." I say.
 
"Well, if you really want to make a comparison, then it was more like a ridiculously complicated suggestion spell," Arraka says. "Technically, it's still searching for us, but in a completely different world. As long as I manage to keep my idiot mouth shut this time around, it shouldn't be able to find us again."

"So you admit that you were an idiot, then?" Illuna says.

"Yes!" Arraka shouts. "Yes, I admit it! Are you happy now? I was an idiot to try and challenge the Magium in its own territory. All of my thousands of years of knowledge are nearly useless, when faced with this world of contradictions and absurdities. Now let's calm ourselves down, and finish doing what we originally came here to do. I no longer want to spend any more time in here than is absolutely necessary."


[8] After a few seconds of waiting, a six year old boy and a ten year old girl step slowly away from the line of orphans, and they go to join the lessathi in front of them. The girl has a very scared look on her face, and the boy is on the verge of breaking down into tears.

"You have made a wise decision to come here," the bearded lessathi says, as he puts his hands on both their shoulders. "Taking responsibility for your mistakes is an important step forward, towards your re-education. However, you are not the only ones who were ready to leave this place, together with the traitor. I am still waiting for them to turn themselves in. I assure you that it would not be in your best interest to keep me waiting for much longer..."

As the whole room stays silent, I can see that Kate's whole body is now shivering uncontrollably from fear, while she is hugging herself, with her arms, in a futile attempt to stop herself from trembling. After waiting for about ten more seconds, the lessathi shakes his head in disapproval.

"I was hoping that it would not come to this..." the lessathi says. "Very well, then. If you insist on disobeying us even now, then I have no choice but to call your names myself. First of all, I would like to introduce to you the person who has played the most crucial role in allowing us to find all of the culprits. Olivia, will you please step forward?"


[9] "Splendid," the lessathi says. "Now, then, Olivia, I would like to ask you one final question. Were there any other orphans who might have wanted to conspire with the traitor? Perhaps some of the children who you might have talked to before you came to us, to obtain the transceiver?"

When she is asked the question, Olivia takes a very short glance towards Kate, out of instinct, but then she goes back to looking right in front of her.

"No, sir..." Olivia says. "There was no one else."

"Very well," the lessathi says. "Rest assured, you will be rewarded for your efforts. You may be a reject, but even for someone like you, there is a place in our organization, as long as you keep proving yourself useful."

"Yes..." Olivia says, in a very meek tone of voice. "That is all I've ever wanted. To be useful..."

"Let us take these traitors to a temporary holding cell, until we make all the necessary arrangements," the lessathi says, as he now addresses his colleagues. "Tomorrow, we will begin their re-education process."


[10] "What is the meaning of this?!" we hear a woman shout, as she is just now entering our hallway, and walking fast towards the bearded lessathi.

The lessathi woman who shouted appears to be in her late thirties, with long brown hair and green eyes, and she is wearing a dark blue robe, just like every other lessathi in the room. She is being escorted by two lessathi men, who are both carrying weapons.

"Lady Meridith..." the bearded lessathi says, as he immediately releases Diane. "I thought that you and our lord, Heksol, had already finished your inspection of the Beacon..."

"Lord Heksol left early this morning," Meridith says. "But I still had some unfinished business here, so I chose to remain for a while longer. What were you doing just now, to my loyal bodyguard?"

"Lady Meridith!" Diane says, in a shaky voice. "They were trying to kill her. They were trying to kill Kate! They said they wanted to dissect her, to find out why she stood up to them."


[11] "But Lady Meridith..." the bearded lessathi says. "Lord Heksol has already approved--"

"I don't care what Lord Heksol did or did not approve!" Meridith says. "Give me all of your names. And give me a list of all your procedures. Bring them to me now. If I see any more insane 'techniques' like this written in your documentation, I'm going to cross them all out, and if you ever dare to use them again, you will answer not only with your job, but with your life, do you understand?"

"Yes, madam..." the lessathi says, reluctantly. "I will bring the documents to you at once."

"And the rest of you!" Meridith says, while looking towards the other lessathi. "I will hear your sides of the story right now. You'd better not skip any important details. I don't think you'd want to anger me any further."

"Wow, that was a pretty interesting development..." Arraka says. "Isn't Meridith the lessathi's current leader? I wonder how their management has changed in the years since she took over..."


[12] "When you see the caretaker who was bringing me the documents, tell him to come to my temporary office," Meridith tells the lessathi who are now leaving the room.

She then turns towards her lessathi bodyguards.

"Go on ahead," she tells them. "I'll be with you in a second."

As her bodyguards are leaving the way they came in, Meridith approaches Kate, and she bends over, so she can talk in a low voice, in her ear.

"What you did back there was very brave," Meridith says. "But bravery by itself is worthless unless you also have the power to enforce your own ideals upon others. Remember this advice."

She then taps her lightly on her shoulder and she goes to follow her two bodyguards, out of the room. Shortly after Meridith leaves, the whole room gets covered in a bright white light, and as soon as the light is gone, I realize that we are now situated in Kate's holding cell, where Kate is also standing somewhere beside us, looking around her, confused.


[13] Convincing the other orphans to follow her rescue plan was even harder, because she couldn't risk telling them about her travels through time, out of fear that they might give this information to the lessathi. Since she couldn't really provide any genuine proof that the lessathi caretaker trying to help them was actually trustworthy, the children would only get more suspicious every time she insisted that there was nothing to worry about. Therefore, by the end of the day, Kate would either get ratted out to the lessathi by one of the orphans, or she would simply get sent back in time, without making any notable progress.

It took Kate many tries to finally find a way to get everyone on her side, and to enact their escape plan flawlessly, but what she didn't know was that this was only the beginning of her trial, since saving the orphans was the exact opposite of what she needed to do, if she wanted to complete her ritual. 

"Wow..." I say, as we are now watching Kate struggling to find a way out of her time loop. "I didn't expect her to repeat the ritual so many times. She must have spent at least a few weeks in this place, if not more. How much time has passed in the real world, while Kate's been doing all this stuff?"

"Probably only a few minutes or so," Arraka says. "Time flows completely differently, in each of these worlds that you people were sent to. The dwarf, the mute girl, and the revenant already finished their rituals. The healer is still busy with his, though."    


[14] Convincing the other orphans to follow her rescue plan was even harder, because she couldn't risk telling them about her travels through time, out of fear that they might give this information to the lessathi. Since she couldn't really provide any genuine proof that the lessathi caretaker trying to help them was actually trustworthy, the children would only get more suspicious every time she insisted that there was nothing to worry about. Therefore, by the end of the day, Kate would either get ratted out to the lessathi by one of the orphans, or she would simply get sent back in time, without making any notable progress.

It took Kate many tries to finally find a way to get everyone on her side, and to enact their escape plan flawlessly, but what she didn't know was that this was only the beginning of her trial, since saving the orphans was the exact opposite of what she needed to do, if she wanted to complete her ritual. 

"Wow..." I say, as we are now watching Kate struggling to find a way out of her time loop. "I didn't expect her to repeat the ritual so many times. She must have spent at least a few weeks in this place, if not more. How much time has passed in the real world, while Kate's been doing all this stuff?"

"Probably only a few minutes or so," Arraka says. "Time flows completely differently, in each of these worlds that you people were sent to. The dwarf and the mute girl already finished their rituals. The healer and the herbalist are still busy with theirs, though."  


[15] "You are acting as if you've already forgotten what can happen when you ignore my warnings..." Illuna says, in a serious tone. "Would you perhaps like me to give you a small reminder by transporting us back into the world we just escaped from?"

It seems that Illuna's question has rendered Arraka completely silent. After a few more seconds of waiting for an answer, Illuna continues.

"You know that I can do it," she says. "You're the one who taught me everything I know, after all..."

"Alright, you win!" Arraka says, in a somewhat panicked tone. "I'll shut my mouth, okay? It was just a little gloating, that's all... You don't have to get so upset over it!"

"Arraka sounding scared?" Hadrik says, with a grin, although I can see from the uneasy look in his eyes that he is still affected by whatever happened to him in his ritual. "Now, that's something you don't see every day!"


[16] "You should not be doing this," Rose says, as she keeps holding the slave's hands. "As a slave, it is your duty to keep serving your master, no matter how harshly he may be treating you. Each one of us has their own purpose in life, and we cannot simply run away from it when things get too rough. Slaves are an important part of our society, and you should be proud of the contributions you are making towards the betterment of our civilization. Don't worry, I won't let go of your hands until your master comes here to get you. I'm sure that you will be thanking me later, after you've had the chance to calm down and think about everything more rationally." 

With every new sentence she was saying, Rose's voice was getting shakier and shakier, and her eyes were getting watery again, but she somehow managed to maintain that same forced smile, throughout her whole speech. The slave girl was simply staring at her in disbelief the whole time, hoping against hope that it might all have been only a cruel joke. When she realized that Rose was being serious, the slave began to desperately pull herself away, but she was in a much too weakened state to be able to escape Rose's grasp.

"No!" the slave girl screams, as she keeps trying to free herself. "Let me go! I don't understand... How can you be so cruel? I've done nothing to you and yet... and yet..."


[17] "Very well!" the noble says. "In that case, we will take our leave, and bother you no longer. Farewell, and thank you once again!"

"Goodbye..." Rose says, as she watches the noble dragging the slave after him, until he leaves the alleyway, together with his men.

"Ahahahahahaha!" Arraka says. "Did you hear that? Did you hear what she said to that slave? Oh man, I can't believe she actually used to think like that, six years ago. How brainwashed can you be? And then there was that noble with his speech about principles! I can't take it anymore. Ahahahaha!"

As Arraka continues to laugh, there is a sudden flash of light, and then we are all transported inside a fancy manor, where the noble from before is now mercilessly beating his slave to death. The slave girl is just lying on the ground, without moving or saying anything while she gets hit, and Rose is right there, in front of her, in a semi-transparent form, watching the scene unfold in front of her eyes with a horrified look on her face.


[18] "Relax!" Arraka says. "Everything is under control. I got us out of there alive, didn't I? And besides, I wasn't even insulting it. I was giving it a compliment, by treating it as if it were an actual person."

"You are acting as if you've already forgotten what can happen when you ignore my warnings..." Illuna says, in a serious tone. "Would you perhaps like me to give you a small reminder by transporting us back into the world we just escaped from?"

It seems that Illuna's question has rendered Arraka completely silent. After a few more seconds of waiting for an answer, Illuna continues.

"You know that I can do it," she says. "You're the one who taught me everything I know, after all..."

"Alright, you win!" Arraka says, in a somewhat panicked tone. "I'll shut my mouth, okay? It was just a little gloating, that's all... You don't have to get so upset over it!"

"Arraka sounding scared?" Hadrik says, with a grin, although I can see from the uneasy look in his eyes that he is still affected by whatever happened to him in his ritual. "Now, that's something you don't see every day!"


[19] "Nah," Arraka says. "There were just too many of them for me to have time to see them all. Well, anyway, it's pretty obvious that his ritual wasn't all sunshine and rainbows either, but I guess we're just going to have to wait until he feels like telling us about it, if we want to find out what it was. Personally, I don't mind all that much. It's not like we don't have anything better to do at this point than to listen to his sob story, you know what I'm saying?"

Not long after we finish our conversation, Daren's eyes lose their bright yellow color, as he finally exits his trance as well. From the look on his face, I can easily tell that he's pretty upset.

"Oh, look, the healer is out!" Arraka says. "How's it going, Daren? Had fun in your ritual?"

Daren chooses to completely ignore Arraka's question, and he turns to me, instead.


[20] "Nah," Arraka says. "There were just too many of them for me to have time to see them all. Well, anyway, it's pretty obvious that his ritual wasn't all sunshine and rainbows either, but I guess we're just going to have to wait until he feels like telling us about it, if we want to find out what it was. Personally, I don't mind all that much. It's not like we don't have anything better to do at this point than to listen to his sob story, you know what I'm saying?"

Not long after we finish our conversation, Daren's eyes lose their bright yellow color, as he finally exits his trance as well. The look that he has now on his face is darker than it's ever been before. And I'm not surprised. From his perspective, it was probably only a few moments ago that he had to willingly let the slave girl die in front of his eyes, so he could complete his trial.

"Oh, look, the healer is out!" Arraka says. "How's it going, Daren? Had fun in your ritual?"

Daren chooses to completely ignore Arraka's question, and he turns to me, instead.


[21] "If you say so," Melindra says.

Daren and Melindra don't get to continue their discussion, because Rose has only just finished her ritual as well, and her eyes are no longer shining with light. When we take a look at her, however, we see that she is still staring right in front of her, without taking notice of us, except that instead of a blank expression on her face, like before, she looks completely horrified.
  
"Rose..." Daren says, looking very worried. "Are you alright?"

Rose gives no sign of having heard him, and she keeps staring in front of her, without saying a word.


[22] "If you say so," Melindra says.

"If you're looking to sabotage the ritual, then I might be able to offer some assistance," we hear Rose's voice all of a sudden.

We'd all been ignoring the revenant until this point, but now that she spoke to us, everyone's eyes immediately turned to her.

"And why would we want any help from you, revenant?" Daren says, in a disgusted tone.

"Because this ritual is as much a problem for me as it is for you," the revenant says. "...And also because as much as I've tried to avoid it, there are traces of your friend Rose within me that will always be a part of who I am. At the very least, I know that Rose would have wanted us to work together, despite our differences, since nothing would have been more important to her in this situation than to make sure that you are safe."


[23] 