
[1] 

[2] "Diane, listen to me!" Kate says. "That caretaker is very skilled at tinkering with magical devices. I'm sure that he could find a way to free you of your collars. I will talk to him about this with the first opportunity, but you need to find a way to convince your brother to come with us. Can you do that?"

"You're asking a lot of me, Kate..." Diane says. "If I tell Jason your story about how you came from the future, he'll think I'm insane. I'm not even sure how much I believe what you're saying. I mean... are you sure that it couldn't have been a hallucination of some sort? They've been feeding us really poorly, lately, and--"

"No!" Kate says. "It's real! In a year from now, they're going to shut down the Beacon, due to lack of funds, and then they're going to throw all of us rejects in the jungle to fend for ourselves. I wasn't able to save even one of them... I can't let that happen again! I need to find a way to convince everyone. Just promise me that you'll try to talk to your brother. You don't need to tell him that I'm from the future. Just try to find a way to get through to him. Somehow..."


[3] "Yes, that is exactly what we need!" Kate says. "Thank you! There was also something else I wanted to talk to you about. You should stop telling the other orphans about your escape plan. We've been tricked before, by someone who made a similar offer, and many are now reluctant to trust any of the caretakers because of that. If you're not careful, someone is going to report you to the higher ups, and the escape plan will be ruined. I have a plan on how to convince them to trust you, but you will need to give me some time. Come back tomorrow, and we'll talk more about this."

"Very well," the lessathi says. "I must leave you now, in order to tend to my daily tasks. We will talk again tomorrow."

"Finally!" Arraka says. "I thought they'd never shut up. Now let's move on to the events that actually matter."


[4] "Hey, don't say things like that..." Jason says. "You know that I've always trusted you. Even if the whole world betrays us, you and I will still continue to stay true to each other, until the very end. That's the promise we made, right before we were first assigned as elite bodyguards to the lessathi, three years ago. You still remember that promise, right?"

"Of course I do!" Diane says. "But do YOU still remember it? I've been telling you for years that Meridith is bad news, and that you should keep your distance from her, but you never listen! Why is it that you are so willing to put your trust in her, when you've never trusted anyone in your life?"

"I never said I trust her!" Jason says. "She's just... a means to an end. That's all there is to it. And besides, she's not like the other lessathi. She has the potential to change things for the better. All she needs is a little push in the right direction. There are already many lessathi who support her. I'd even go as far as saying that there are more who currently support her, than the ones who support the great leader, Heksol. It's not by coincidence, that she managed to become second in command. When she first started off, she was only a lowly secretary to Heksol, but she's been climbing her way up the ranks for twenty years, and she's made many friends during that time. I'm telling you, there will be a great change coming soon, in the lessathi world, and I want to be right at the heart of it, when it happens!"


[5] "They're going to try to kill us anyway!" Kate says. "We're both rejects. When they'll finally be done experimenting on us, they'll throw us in a jungle, and they'll leave us for dead."

"We can't stay rejects forever!" the girl says, although I can clearly see that she is lying to herself. "Maybe one day we'll be like your friend, Diane, and her brother, and we'll get to escort important lessathi around instead of being experimented on, over and over. If we haven't died from the experiments for such a long time, then there has to still be a chance!"

"It's not going to happen, Olivia," Kate says. "We can't just keep waiting for things to get better. We need to take matters into our own hands. Please, trust me on this! Following the caretaker's plan is our only true chance of escaping this hellhole. He's not going to betray us like the one before. We can still make it out of here alive, but I need your help!"

Olivia starts to calm down, after she hears what Kate had to say, and all of a sudden, she gets a very determined look in her eyes.


[6] "Stop complaining," Arraka says. "I brought us here a bit earlier, because there is something that I'm trying to test. There is this theory I've had for a while about the lessathi and the reason why they are so good at making magical devices, and I want to see if it's true or not. The main gist of it is that I think they have some sort of innate understanding of the Magium's true nature, which gives them the ability to tamper with an object's aura in a more precise fashion than most other tinkerers. But it's more than simply knowing what the Magium's nature is. Fyron knows its nature too, and he has a way to access it, but that staff of his cannot compare to the magical artifacts that the lessathi are able to invent. It's almost as if they've developed some sort of natural affinity to the Magium, over the years, which is subtle enough that I can't detect it when I study their auras. If that is really the case, then it might also explain why they have no magic in their auras whatsoever. If their auras resonate so strongly with the Magium, then their subconscious must be getting constantly bombarded with information, which would make it impossible for them to maintain any sort of connection to the magical plane."


[7] "There we go," Arraka says. "This should liven up the place a bit. But I still feel like there's something missing. Hey, Flower, why don't you go dance with those clowns for a bit? You're already dressed for the part, so all you need to do is mimic their movements."

"I'm not wearing clown clothes!" Flower shouts, furiously. "How many times to I need to explain this to you? These are acrobat clothes! They're the same type of clothes as what I used to wear back in Olmnar, when I was performing as a trapeze artist at the circus!"

"Uh-huh," Arraka says. "Sure they are. Now be a good girl and go dance with your brethren over there, so we can--"

"Did you sense that?..." one of the lessathi asks one of his colleagues.

"Sense what?" asks the other lessathi.

"There was some sort of... strange presence coming from right in front of us, just now..." the first lessathi says. "It felt like it wasn't even part of this world. As if it didn't even exist! Do you understand what I mean?"

"Well, if doesn't exist, then maybe we shouldn't be worrying about it, don't you think?" the other lessathi says. "Here's an idea. How about you stop bothering me with nonsense, and wait for the others in silence, like everybody else."


[8] "Warning me?" Arraka says. "Warning ME? Has our little trip to this parallel universe managed to completely fry your brain? Do you forget who you are talking to? I am Arraka! Even the gods live in fear of me! Do you seriously think that I am going to let myself get intimidated by the likes of the Magium? The Magium is nothing but a tool! A tool that I can freely manipulate, without even breaking a sweat! Why would I have anything to fear? Do you think I'm like you? Well, Barry, you're in luck! Today, you will finally find out what the Magium is! You see, it is all pretty simple, once you think about it. If you take into account everything that I've told you about the world we are in now, and if you also remember everything you already knew, then the answer that is staring you right in the face is that the Magium is in fact--"


[9] As we wait for Arraka to finish what she is doing, the world turns black and white one more time, but now it is flickering much more rapidly than before, and it feels like this time, my consciousness is going to get trapped into the void for good. Just when I am about to give up all hope, I suddenly get pulled back in my body, and the world around us comes back to normal, while both Flower and I are breathing very rapidly, and looking at each other, as we're trying to make at least some sense of our situation.

"Okay..." Arraka says, with a bit of panic still left in her voice. "This should be enough for now... We shouldn't be getting any more interference."

"What do you mean this should be enough for now?" Illuna says. "Did you or did you not solve the problem?"

"Yes!" Arraka says. "I think... I don't know! I've never done anything like this before. I diverted the Magium's attention away from us, by using some tricks that I learned from the God of Fate. I heard that he had to do a similar thing in the heat of the moment, when they tampered with the Magium to banish me from their realm. And given that they all managed to escape without being erased from existence, then so should we!"


[10] The lessathi speaking now moves towards the hooded lessathi who is on his knees, and he stops right behind him.

"The first reason is to punish the traitor who tried to help you escape," the bearded lessathi says.

He then grabs the head of the kneeling lessathi, with both hands, and he twists it to the side, breaking it in one motion, and killing him on the spot. As Kate sees the lifeless body of the lessathi caretaker drop to the ground, she almost lets out a gasp, but she quickly covers her mouth, to stifle the sound. Somewhere further away, towards the middle of the line of orphans, an eight year old version of Leila, with the same silver hair, is looking at the whole scene in front of her eyes, frozen in fear.

"The second reason," the bearded lessathi continues, "is to teach a lesson to all those who agreed to join this traitor in his escape plan. We already know who you are, but we will give you one last chance to prove that you are not a completely lost cause, by allowing you to turn yourselves in. Those who know that they're guilty of having accepted the traitor's offer are required to come here to our side, immediately. If you do as we ask, then your punishment will be less severe. If you try to fool us, however, then the penalty will be much, much worse..."


[11] The four orphans whose names were called are now all stepping forward, with their eyes looking at the ground. When they stop, in front of the lessathi, we see that they are all shaking in fear, but they are not saying a word.

"Good," the lessathi says. "Starting tomorrow, you will all be sent to room fifty-one, in order to commence your re-education process. Is that clear?"

"No, please not fifty-one!" shouts a thirteen year old boy who is one of the four orphans that were called by the lessathi. "Anything but that! Have mercy, I beg you!"

"Don't make the mistake of assuming that you have any choice in the matter," the bearded lessathi says. "Every single complaint that you make from now on will only add more time to the penalty for all four of you. Now tell me, do you have any more complaints?"

"No, sir..." the boy says, in a voice that sounded like he was one step away from crying.


[12] "No, leave her alone!" Diane shouts, from the other side of the room, as a tear flows from her eye. "Don't you dare touch her!"

"What is this supposed to be?..." the bearded lessathi says, as he now turns towards Diane. "Some sort of rebellion? Do you think you're going to receive special treatment, just because you're one of our elite bodyguards? Or did you forget that you can't cast any magic with that collar around your neck, unless we specifically allow you to do it?"

He then goes closer to Diane, and he grabs her by the hair, in order to make sure that she looks straight into his eyes.

"Do you think that you are beyond our reach, just because you routinely escort our great leaders?" the lessathi says. "Do you think you no longer have to worry about our punishments? Maybe we should send you to room fifty-one for re-education as well. I'm sure the leaders would not mind having a more obedient servant..."


[13] "The re-education process is an extreme measure that we take against those who are caught trying to break our rules more than once," the lessathi says. "All of the rule breakers will be taken to a special room, and there they will be tortured, repeatedly, for the duration of a few months, until they will be made completely obedient. The brainwashing techniques that we use are of the highest quality, and they are meant to ensure that every ounce of free will is completely eradicated, while leaving their intellect intact, so they can still understand and follow our orders. The children that pass through the re-education process usually stop interacting with their peers altogether, and they rarely ever talk, unless they are directly asked a question by us. In other words, they become the perfect test subjects. Our re-education technique has been refined throughout the years, and we are very proud of the results it has given us, especially in the last few months."

"You dare to say all this to my face?" Meridith says, with a furious look in her eyes. "And you even present these barbarities to me as if they were some sort of accomplishment, deserving of praise? What in the gods' names is wrong with you? These are all children! How is it possible to be this cruel? When I saw how the experiments are run in this place, I already had my doubts, but I never thought you would go this far!"


[14] "You think the exits could be booby-trapped?" Illuna says.

"I don't know!" Arraka says. "I'm not sure of anything anymore. I thought that the Magium was supposed to remain in a state of constant hibernation, unless you tried to mess around with the really important stuff, like that time when Memphir banished me from the magical plane. I didn't think it would wake up just from me trying to reveal its true nature! And now that I woke it up, I'm not sure how long it will stay up, or what are the extents of its capabilities. We are going to keep spectating rituals for as long as it takes, until I can be absolutely certain that the way out is clear."

"Okay, fine..." Illuna says. "Do what you think is best."

While we were talking, Meridith was just getting done with interrogating the lessathi, and she was sending them on their way.


[15] "Oh, she will fail again!" Arraka says. "Have no doubt about that. Let's see if we can speed things up a bit, because there are going to be a lot of rescue attempts to go through."

She then began to show me the key events that happened next, except this time around, all of the actions were summarized much more succinctly, in order to be able to paint a larger picture.

For the first few attempts, Kate tried to focus on two things: getting the elementalist siblings on her side, and trying to convince the other orphans to follow her escape plan, without letting Olivia know.

Every time when she was flung back in time, Kate would try to convince Diane and her brother that she was coming from the future, by letting them know about very specific things that were going to happen, before they happened. This was enough to convince Diane, but Jason was always skeptical, no matter how many details she was providing to them, and he thought that she was either using tricks to find out the information, or getting some really lucky guesses.


[16] She then began to show me the key events that happened next, except this time around, all of the actions were summarized much more succinctly, in order to be able to paint a larger picture.

For the first few attempts, Kate tried to focus on two things: getting the elementalist siblings on her side, and trying to convince the other orphans to follow her escape plan, without letting Olivia know.

Every time when she was flung back in time, Kate would try to convince Diane and her brother that she was coming from the future, by letting them know about very specific things that were going to happen, before they happened. This was enough to convince Diane, but Jason was always skeptical, no matter how many details she was providing to them, and he thought that she was either using tricks to find out the information, or getting some really lucky guesses.


[17] "Hmm..." Arraka says. "I think she's finally starting to get what's happening, here. I'm still expecting her to be in denial about it, for at least five more time loops, though. Anyway, never mind that. What's more important is that I may have actually found a proper way out of here, but I need to time it perfectly. Get ready to experience some strong nausea, because our comfort will be the very last thing on my mind while we escape this place."

After Arraka finishes her sentence, I feel a strong headache, all of a sudden, and then we all get transported back to our real world, in the blink of an eye. Once we return to our regular, non-transparent bodies, we take a look around, and we see that we are still standing in the middle of the same forest where we were when our rituals started, next to all of our friends. It appears that the time is still frozen in this world, and that not everyone has managed to get out of their trance just yet. The ones who finished their rituals aside from us seem to be Melindra, Leila, Hadrik and the revenant, who are all looking at us, while Daren and Kate are still staring blankly in front of them, with bright, glowy eyes.

"We made it..." Arraka says, sounding both surprised and relieved at the same time. "We made it! We got out of there alive. Hahahahahaha! Take that, Magium, you son of a bitch!"

"Could you maybe avoid taunting the Magium when we are still technically standing right on its doorstep?" Illuna says.

"Relax!" Arraka says. "Everything is under control. I got us out of there alive, didn't I? And besides, I wasn't even insulting it. I was giving it a compliment, by treating it as if it were an actual person."


[18] "I'm trying to find out," Arraka says. "Just give me a minute, while I take a short look at what's been going on so far."

After about twenty seconds of hearing nothing but the sound of Rose's soft weeping, Arraka finally seems to have found what she was looking for, and she is now trying to summarize to us what she's seen.

"Okay, so this ritual seems to be a little different from the others," Arraka says. "Instead of forcing her to recreate only one event from her past, she actually needs to repeat more of them, in succession. Basically, she has to willingly ignore all of the slaves that have ever asked her for help, just like she's done in the past, except now she's also being forced to witness what happens with those slaves, after she refuses to help them. Some of them have been brutally murdered by their masters, some of them have been left to die of hunger, others have been tortured non-stop for weeks, until they went crazy. All sorts of stuff. I don't think this ritual of hers will end until she gets to see the fate of every single one of the slaves she's ever ignored during her lifetime."


[19] The slave girl just keeps getting closer and closer, until she eventually reaches Rose, and then she grabs both her hands, while looking directly into her eyes, with a desperate, pleading expression on her face.

"Please, you have to help me..." the slave girl says. "My master is looking for me. He will come into this alleyway soon, and I can't outrun him. But if I hide in this abandoned shop, and you tell him that you saw me go the other way, maybe he'll believe you. I don't have anyone else to ask. You're my only hope. Please, don't abandon me..."

As the slave was talking, Rose was shaking her head left and right, over and over, with tears in her eyes, as she continued to look helplessly at the girl talking to her. When the girl finally finished what she had to say, Rose realized that she was out of time, so she pulled her hands away from her, and she wiped her own tears with her sleeve. She then forced a warm smile on her face, while she gently grabbed the slave girl's hands and brought her palms together.


[20] "Thank you very much for your help!" the noble says. "Who knows where this slave might have run off to, if you hadn't held on to her?"

"Oh, there's no need to thank me," Rose says, still smiling, as she's almost about to break into tears. "We should all be trying our best to help our fellow citizens in their time of need!"

"I'm sorry, this must have been a very terrifying experience for you," the noble says, when he sees Rose on the verge of crying. "Here, allow me to reward you for your efforts."

"No!" Rose says, as she sees the noble pull out a pouch full of gold coins from his pocket. "I'm not looking for any reward. I only did what I thought was right..."

"How commendable!" the noble says, with a look full of respect in his eyes, as he puts his gold pouch back in his pocket. "It is rare to see someone with such high moral values in this day and age. Whatever you do, remember to never let go of those principles, for it is these principles that truly make us human!"

"Yes, sir, I will remember..." Rose says.


[21] After Arraka finishes her sentence, I feel a strong headache, all of a sudden, and then we all get transported back to our real world, in the blink of an eye. Once we return to our regular, non-transparent bodies, we take a look around, and we see that we are still standing in the middle of the same forest where we were when our rituals started, next to all of our friends. It appears that the time is still frozen in this world, and that not everyone has managed to get out of their trance just yet. The ones who finished their rituals aside from us seem to be Melindra, Leila and Hadrik, who are all looking at us, while Daren, Kate and Rose are still staring blankly in front of them, with bright, glowy eyes.

"We made it..." Arraka says, sounding both surprised and relieved at the same time. "We made it! We got out of there alive. Hahahahahaha! Take that, Magium, you son of a bitch!"

"Could you maybe avoid taunting the Magium when we are still technically standing right on its doorstep?" Illuna says.


[22] "You're bluffing," Hadrik says, as I see him starting to sweat a little. "You're just trying to bait me into giving the information away myself. How stupid do you think I am?"

"Well, I don't know, dwarf..." Arraka says. "How stupid are you?"

For the next few seconds, the two of them remain completely silent, as Hadrik watches Arraka's amulet intensely, while a few more drops of sweat form on his forehead.

"But seriously, though, I was only joking," Arraka says, all of a sudden. "I have absolutely no idea what was going on in your ritual. The only reason why I said all that was because you pissed me off, and I wanted to make you sweat like a pig. Who's the one panicking now, eh? Aha- Ahahahahahaha!"

"Blasted old hag..." Hadrik says, as he relaxes a little.

"So, you really didn't get to see Hadrik's ritual, then?" I ask Arraka.


[23] "We're all done with our rituals, except for Rose," Daren says. "The God of Time apparently went back to the magical plane, and he'll only come back at the end."

"If that's true, then maybe we can make some plan against him," Kate says. "Maybe we can find a way to sabotage his ritual while he's not here to keep an eye on us..."

"You can't sabotage the rituals..." Melindra says. "Eiden has tried and failed in the past. If he couldn't do it, then how could we?"

"Eiden isn't all-knowing," Daren says. "Just because he failed, it doesn't mean that we won't succeed."

"Oh?" Melindra says. "Then how do you propose to start this 'sabotage'?"

"We'll... figure something out..." Daren says.


[24] "The first stage of the ritual is done, and now we're waiting for the second," Daren says. "The God of Time apparently went back to the magical plane, and he'll only come back at the end."

"If that's true, then maybe we can make some plan against him," Kate says. "Maybe we can find a way to sabotage his ritual while he's not here to keep an eye on us..."

"You can't sabotage the rituals..." Melindra says. "Eiden has tried and failed in the past. If he couldn't do it, then how could we?"

"Eiden isn't all-knowing," Daren says. "Just because he failed, it doesn't mean that we won't succeed."

"Oh?" Melindra says. "Then how do you propose to start this 'sabotage'?"

"We'll... figure something out..." Daren says.


[25] 
[26] 