
[1] 

[2] "The armor he is wearing does not protect him against regular fire at all," Leila writes. "Only against magical fire."

"That's what I thought," I say, and then I head towards the door leading to the corridors outside our room. 

As I prepare to open the door, I turn towards Leila, to give her one final message before I go.

"Leila, could you do me a favor?" I tell her. "I need you to take one of the torches that are lighting the halls and to bring it with you in the arena when the round begins. Make sure that you don't let the troll see it, when you approach him. When we're both in the fighting area, I'll give you a signal, and then you can throw the torch at him. Got it?"

"Yes, but where are you going?" Leila writes. "What are you planning to do?"

"You'll find out soon enough," I say, and then I walk out the door.

I make sure that the guards are nowhere in sight, and I start heading directly towards Hadrik's division area. If memory serves, his room should be very close to ours.


[3] As I slowly make my way towards the troll, with the bottle of ale in my hand, the announcer starts shouting at me, from his elevated platform above.

"What do you think you're doing?" he says. "The round hasn't begun yet! Get back to your own division area right now! Do you hear me? Get back! Hey, are you listening to me?"

I ignore the announcer, and I look directly at the troll, while walking casually towards him. When he sees me, Velgos stops waving at the crowds, and he begins to grin maliciously at me.

"Did you come here to beg for your life, human?" the troll shouts at me. "It will do you no good! Your fate has already been sealed!"

I don't say anything and I keep walking forward.

"Damn it!" the announcer says. "Open the gates. Open them now!"


[4] "Leila, now!" I shout, as I jump back from the troll.

As soon as I give the signal, Leila throws her torch at the troll, igniting the flammable liquid, and causing the troll to light up in flames. Velgos starts screaming loudly, as he attempts to extinguish the fire from his head with his bare hands. Leila makes full use of this opportunity, and she quickly dashes towards her enemy, slicing one of his shoulder pads right off his armor, with one of her enchanted daggers. The troll grabs both of his scimitars in his hands, and he tries to cut Leila in half, but she jumps back in time, avoiding his strike.

"I am going to destroy you," the troll shouts at us. "I will cut you into pieces so small that they won't even find enough of you to give you a proper burial!"

His eyes are red with rage, as the fire covering him is slowly dying out. The marks left from the burning flames are already starting to regenerate. I suppose I should have expected that regular fire would not be enough against an enemy with such high regenerative powers. What's next, then? If I don't quickly decide what I'm going to do now, the troll won't give me any more time to react. Should I go on the offensive, or should I retreat, giving the others the time to join me?


[5] "Watch out!" Bruce shouts at us, from behind.

Not long after his warning, two very large ogres make their way out of the gate behind Velgos, and they attempt to hit us with their oversized clubs. Both me and Leila jump back, and we join our teammates, who have now all arrived at our location.

"I knew it," our mage teammate says. "I knew that they wouldn't make it as easy for us as fighting a single troll. They just had to bring in the ogres too!"
 
"Stop complaining," Bruce says. "Ogres are easy to beat. They're dumb, and they're slow as snails. I can take them both on myself."


[6] The troll's body jumps away from us, but the head on the ground does not seem to be regenerating. Instead, a new head is now forming itself, starting from Velgos' neck. It only takes about five seconds until the head gets regenerated completely, although, judging by the expression on his face, this must have been a particularly painful process.

"I'm going to take my time killing you," Velgos says, looking as if he's still trying to hold back some of the pain. "I'll do it slowly, after I force you to watch all your friends die." 

"Yeah, yeah," I say. "I've heard it all before."

"Watch out!" Bruce shouts at us, from behind.

Not long after his warning, two very large ogres make their way out of the gate behind Velgos, and they attempt to hit us with their oversized clubs. Both Leila and I jump back, and we join our teammates, who have now all arrived at our location.

"I knew it," our mage teammate says. "I knew that they wouldn't make it as easy for us as fighting a single troll. They just had to bring in the ogres too!"
 
"Stop complaining," Bruce says. "Ogres are easy to beat. They're dumb, and they're slow as snails. I can take them both on myself."


[7] "Brother," the first ogre says, "we've been at the troll's mercy for too long. We'll never get a better chance than this to avenge our fallen warriors and to rescue the captives!"

The second ogre looks at his comrade in arms for a few long seconds, considering his words carefully.

"What would you ask of us, if we agreed to help you?" the second ogre says.

"Just help me out in killing the troll," I say. "After that, I'll tell you where they're holding your friends, and you'll be free to go. Don't worry, they are not being held far from here. You'll have plenty of time to free them and get out of the city before they assemble the city guards."

"I will hold you to that promise, human," the second ogre says, after thinking about my offer for a few more seconds. "You'd better not be lying to us."

"I wouldn't dream of it," I say.

The two ogres exchange one final look, and then they turn their back on me, preparing to go fight their former ally.


[8] Swinging a big piece of wood might have worked against these two idiots, but that troll is going to cut through it in an instant. I'm much better off using my own weapon, especially if my aim is to cut off his head.


[9] The fact of the matter is that I've omitted one small detail when I gave him the briefing. While the troll will definitely not get the chance to harm us before he gets his head cut off, depending on how much this next beheading is going to affect him, he may well have enough energy left in him to attack  us, even without his head on his shoulders. That is exactly why I'm not going to stab the troll at all, and let the mage do all the work. As for the mage's own safety... I'm sure that he'll find a way to handle himself. Probably.

We both manage to get behind the troll, while Leila is keeping him busy, and when we are in attack range, I nod to the mage, and we both dash towards our enemy, from opposite sides. Just as I reach Velgos, I jump backwards, without attacking him in any way, and I let the mage stab him by himself. The mage looks shocked at my betrayal, but he doesn't have much time to react, because one of the troll's scimitars is already being swung towards him. Leila immediately takes advantage of the distraction, and she cuts the troll's head off in the blink of an eye. This makes Velgos stop his attack mid-swing, which gives the mage the time to remove his dagger from the troll's body, and to jump backwards, as far away as he can. Just like last time, Leila throws the head to the ground, and she crushes it beneath her sandal.


[10] I take another quick look towards the battlefield, and it appears that things are not going very well for Velgos right now. Wilhelm is doing a very good job at constantly getting behind him, undetected, so the troll can't let his guard down for even a second. What's more, Velgos can't afford to turn his attacks against the assassin, either, because if he takes his eyes off Leila for even a second, she'll cut his head off again in the blink of an eye.

It only takes one misstep on the troll's part for Leila to seize the opportunity once more, and to cut his head right off his shoulders. As she crushes it again, the troll regrows his head from the neck, but this time around it seems to be taking longer to fully create it, and it looks like he's having a bit of trouble recreating the exact same facial features that he had before. Leila doesn't leave him any time to fully recover, and she begins attacking him again, trying to catch him off guard one more time. However, Wilhelm seems to have somehow gotten injured in that last fight, so he is currently retreating, in order to tend to his wounds.


[11] After his head gets crushed once more, the troll begins regrowing a new one from his neck, but this time, something is definitely off. The grotesque form that is emerging from his neck can no longer be called anything close to a head. The face is missing half of its skin, the eyes are coming out of their orbits, and the shape of it is nothing like before. More importantly, it would seem that his head has not been well enough regenerated to allow him to breathe. 

The troll is now desperately trying to gasp for air, while looking at me and Leila with pure hatred in his eyes. He tries to speak, but he has no air left in his lungs. He only manages to make some unintelligible guttural sounds, while taking a few steps forward and stretching one of his arms towards us, in a futile attempt to reach us. Once he runs out of breath completely, he drops to his knees, and he starts clawing at his throat with his hands, as if he were trying to create a new pathway for the air to reach his lungs. Eventually, he stops moving altogether, and he drops face-first to the ground, lifeless.


[12] The fact of the matter is that I've omitted one small detail when I gave him the briefing. While the troll will definitely not get the chance to harm us before he gets his head cut off, depending on how much this next beheading is going to affect him, he may well have enough energy left in him to attack  us, even without his head on his shoulders. That is exactly why I'm not going to stab the troll at all, and let the mage do all the work. As for the mage's own safety... I'm sure that he'll find a way to handle himself. Probably.

We both manage to get behind the troll, while Leila is keeping him busy, and when we are in attack range, I nod to the mage, and we both dash towards our enemy, from opposite sides. Just as I reach Velgos, I jump backwards, without attacking him in any way, and I let the mage stab him by himself. The mage looks shocked at my betrayal, but he doesn't have much time to react, because one of the troll's scimitars is already being swung towards him. 

Leila immediately takes advantage of the distraction, and she cuts the troll's head off in the blink of an eye. This does not make Velgos stop his attack, however, whose scimitars have almost reached the mage's neck. At the very last moment before getting hit, the mage jumps back with superhuman speed, avoiding the fatal blow by mere inches. 


[13] Leila and the troll are standing still, looking at the mage intently, while they are also watching each other with the corner of their eyes, to make sure that neither one will try a surprise attack on the other, during this distraction. Meanwhile, Bruce and the ogres do not seem to be paying any attention to what's happening around them, and they are continuing their fight unhindered. 

"No..." the mage says, in a scared voice, as he looks at the guards closing in on him.

Once the guards surround him, one of them attempts to grab the mage by the arm.

"You're coming with us," the guard says. "Come on, get moving!"

"No!" the mage shouts, as he pulls his arm away from the guard. "Get away from me!"

"There's no use fighting it, gladiator," the guard says, as he approaches him and tries to grab him again. "Your life is over, and you know it. Now you can either come with us peacefully, or we'll do this the hard way."

"I said get away!" the mage shouts, louder, and a jet of flames erupts from his hands, engulfing the guard, and burning him to a crisp.

All of the other guards quickly move to restrain the mage, but he raises both his arms in the air, blasting them all with a powerful wave of fire that leaves nothing but ashes in its wake.


[14] "Velgos, do something!" the announcer says, in desperation. "Kill him! Kill him now, before it gets worse!"

The troll frowns at the announcer, and he starts walking slowly towards the mage, while still keeping Leila in his sight. The mage has already killed all of the guards, but when he sees the troll approach him, he forgets all about me, and he points his hands towards him, in an attempt to intimidate his new foe.

"Don't come closer!" the mage says, with a scared tone in his voice. "I'll burn you to a crisp!"

"Go ahead," Velgos says, as he keeps advancing towards the mage, while looking at Leila with the corner of his eye. "I'd love to see you try."

As Velgos gets even closer, the mage lets out a whimper, and the troll suddenly gets swallowed up by a newly formed column of fire, much larger than those from before. Velgos walks out of the flames completely unharmed, with a malicious grin on his face, and he keeps advancing slowly towards his target.

"Die, monster!" the mage shouts, when the troll reaches him, and he begins to stab him in the chest repeatedly with his dagger.

Seeing that it's not working, the mage attempts to go for the neck, like Leila, but Velgos easily blocks him with one of his scimitars, while bringing his other weapon down on the mage, slicing him in half. Almost immediately after the mage dies, Leila dashes behind the troll, giving him no time to react, and she cuts his head off in one strike, crushing it under her foot soon afterwards.    


[15] He then heads in the direction of the arena owner, descending from his elevated platform and entering one of the upper levels of the main building surrounding the fighting area.

As the announcer was talking, I was barely paying any attention to him, because I was focusing on something else, entirely. After studying the scimitars that had fallen from the troll's hands for a while, I came to the conclusion that they were both in surprisingly good condition. I'm also quite certain that they both have at least the sharpness and durability enchantments cast on them, so they should be pretty comparable to my dagger, in terms of usefulness.

I've never really liked wielding two weapons at the same time when fighting, but maybe I could take one of these with me, so I can use it when I'm in need of a weapon with longer reach? Or maybe I should take the other one too, and sell it at a shop? I'm not exactly sure how much it would be worth, but if I could get Daren to identify all of the enchantments cast on it, I'm sure I could negotiate a reasonable price at the local weapon shops.


[16] "Human," one of the ogres says, in their language. "We have fulfilled our end of the bargain. We are still waiting for you to fulfill yours."

"Oh, right, right, the hostages," I say. "They are keeping them locked right here, in the main building of the coliseum. The guards said that they're being held in the cell that is the closest to the locker rooms. You shouldn't have any trouble finding those. Just go through that gate over there, and take a left."

"I hope you are not lying to us..." the ogre says.

"Let him be," the other ogre says. "He already fulfilled his promise. We have no reason to doubt him. Let's go. Quick, before they send the guards for us."

The two ogres move away from us, and they start heading towards the arena gate, in order to free their captive clan members.

"Wait, what just happened, here?" Bruce asks, confused. "What were you talking to them about? And why are you letting them go?"

"Why not?" I say. "The round objective was to kill the troll. They never said anything about the ogres."

"But why did they help us?" Bruce asks.

"They were being forced to cooperate with the troll," I say, "because he was holding some of their clan members hostage. I told them where their friends were being kept, in exchange for them helping us with the troll."


[17] "Don't think you're getting away that easily, you son of a bitch!" the mage tells me.

"Get away with what?" I say.

"With using me as a decoy!" the mage shouts.

"Oh, right, that!" I say. "Okay, here's what we'll do. Next round, you can use me as a decoy, and we'll be even. Alright?"

"Next round is for individual fights!" the mage says.

"Is it?" I say, with an uninterested tone. "Fine, the round after the next one, then."

"There is no round after the next one!" the mage shouts. "It's just an optional fight!"

"Technically it's only optional if you don't break the rules, but I see your point," I say, as I make a short pause to think things through. "Well, if that's how things are, then I guess there's no chance left for us to get even. Too bad. But hey, no hard feelings, right?"


[18] Not long after we kill Velgos, Bruce also finishes his fight with the ogres, and then he comes heading straight for us.

"You guys are already done with the troll?" Bruce asks, surprised, as he reaches us.

"Yeah, we killed him ages ago," I say. "What took you so long?"

"So... is the fight over, then?" Bruce says. "What are we still standing around here, for?"

"We're waiting for the announcer to come back..." I say. "He's the one that's supposed to announce the end of the fight."


[19] Not long after we kill Velgos, Bruce also finishes his fight with the ogres, and then he comes heading straight for us.

"You guys are already done with the troll?" Bruce asks, surprised, as he reaches us.

"Yeah, we killed him ages ago," I say. "What took you so long?"

"Wait, how did the mage die?" Bruce asks, after noticing the mage's corpse on the ground.

"He got caught using magic," I say. "There were even loud alarms and everything. How did you manage to miss them?"

"Oh..." Bruce says. "I did hear some loud noises, but I was too focused on the fight to figure out what was what."

He pauses.

"So," Bruce continues. "Does this mean that the fight is over, then? What are we still standing around here, for?"
 
"We're waiting for the announcer to come back..." I say. "He's the one that's supposed to announce the end of the fight."


[20] "So..." Bruce says. "Is the fight over, or what? What are we still standing around here, for?"
 
"We're waiting for the announcer to come back..." I say. "He's the one that's supposed to announce the end of the fight."


[21] "Not at all, ambassador," Venard, the arena owner says. "There have been no problems with any part of our arena event, as far as I'm aware."

"No problems?" the ambassador says. "The earl of Ollendor's killers are all still alive, and you are telling me that there are no problems?!"

"I assure you," Venard says, "that our guests have been given no advantages over the other gladiators of the arena during these fights. Quite the opposite, in fact. Of course, if you have any doubts, you are free to talk with the organizing team in order to arrange the upcoming duels in any way you like. After all, you have always been the one to have the final say regarding the organization of these events."

"I've been a fool to leave things in your care until now!" the ambassador says, furiously. "If you are too incompetent to get the job done right, then I'll just have to do it myself."

We then hear the ambassador storming away from the hallway, presumably towards the room where the organizing team was making the preparations for the next round.

"Farewell, ambassador!" Venard says, calmly, and then we hear him leaving as well.

"It sounds like a certain someone really has it in for you," Leila writes, while looking at me.

"Who cares?" I say. "It's not like they can do anything anymore even if they try."

