
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] "Maybe somebody else is also trying to assassinate the king."

"That does bring up a good question..." Hadrik says. "If the king is already dead by the time we find him, wouldn't that mean that our enchanter's oath with Melindra would become voided?"

"Voided or not, as long as you'd help me get what I want from him, I would still consider our agreement valid," Melindra says. "Of that much, you can be certain."

"We shouldn't stay here for too long," Daren says, as he grabs his sword from the ground and then starts slowly limping towards us. "Even if the royal guards are gone, the regular city guards could still be arriving here any minute. We should look for a place to hide, where we can rest for a while and recover."

"Damn..." Hadrik says, as he looks at the way Daren is barely able to stand on his feet. "What happened to you? You look like someone just dropped a house on you!"

"You're one to talk?..." Daren says, as he finally manages to arrive at our position. "Have you taken a look in a mirror, lately? Your face is all swollen and you're full of bruises. I'd heal you up, but I'm just too weakened to do it right now. I barely even managed to cast a recovery spell on myself, to get me back on my feet."

"I agree that we should go look for shelter," Kate says, as she takes a quick look at the now mostly empty plaza around us. "The longer we stay here, the more vulnerable we become. I can't say that I have any idea on how we could find a safe place in the middle of this enemy territory, however..."


[3] "Maybe Eiden tried to mess with the king, to see how he'd react."

"Yeah, I wouldn't put it past him to do something like that," Hadrik says. "Although it didn't really look like it was something he planned, judging by his reaction."

"We shouldn't stay here for too long," Daren says, as he grabs his sword from the ground and then starts slowly limping towards us. "Even if the royal guards are gone, the regular city guards could still be arriving here any minute. We should look for a place to hide, where we can rest for a while and recover."

"Damn..." Hadrik says, as he looks at the way Daren is barely able to stand on his feet. "What happened to you? You look like someone just dropped a house on you!"

"You're one to talk?..." Daren says, as he finally manages to arrive at our position. "Have you taken a look in a mirror, lately? Your face is all swollen and you're full of bruises. I'd heal you up, but I'm just too weakened to do it right now. I barely even managed to cast a recovery spell on myself, to get me back on my feet."

"I agree that we should go look for shelter," Kate says, as she takes a quick look at the now mostly empty plaza around us. "The longer we stay here, the more vulnerable we become. I can't say that I have any idea on how we could find a safe place in the middle of this enemy territory, however..."


[4] "Maybe it was just a defective device, and the king teleported the guards for nothing."

"Hah!" Hadrik says. "I could totally see that happening. I wonder what face Gontrok would make when he'd realize that he was summoned there for something so trivial."

"We shouldn't stay here for too long," Daren says, as he grabs his sword from the ground and then starts slowly limping towards us. "Even if the royal guards are gone, the regular city guards could still be arriving here any minute. We should look for a place to hide, where we can rest for a while and recover."

"Damn..." Hadrik says, as he looks at the way Daren is barely able to stand on his feet. "What happened to you? You look like someone just dropped a house on you!"

"You're one to talk?..." Daren says, as he finally manages to arrive at our position. "Have you taken a look in a mirror, lately? Your face is all swollen and you're full of bruises. I'd heal you up, but I'm just too weakened to do it right now. I barely even managed to cast a recovery spell on myself, to get me back on my feet."

"I agree that we should go look for shelter," Kate says, as she takes a quick look at the now mostly empty plaza around us. "The longer we stay here, the more vulnerable we become. I can't say that I have any idea on how we could find a safe place in the middle of this enemy territory, however..."


[5] "Ah!" Leila's father says. "I understand now. Don't let it get to you, my friend. I think 'Barry' is a wonderful name!"

"Hey, thanks, Doc!" we hear a voice coming from the transceiver. "But why are you bringing this up all of a sudden?"

"I wasn't talking to you..." Leila's father says, as he puts the transceiver next to his mouth again. "I was speaking with another Barry which-- you know what, never mind that! Do you think you can teleport us safely? Can you tell where we are from the signal of this transceiver?"

"Yeah, I can get a good reading on you," the voice from the transceiver says. "Should I teleport you right now?"

"Yes!" Leila's father says. "But make sure you transport all of us. We wouldn't want anyone to get left behind."

"Roger that," the voice from the transceiver says. "Here we go!"


[6] "Oh, now I get it!" the man behind the desk says, as he looks at the name above my head. "You were speaking to this other Barry earlier, when you were on the transceiver. Reminds me of how I used to be friends with two other Barrys when I was a kid, and how we all had to give ourselves nicknames to keeps things from becoming too confusing."

"Yeah, that's how we did it in my homeland too," Hadrik says. "Whenever there were other Hadriks around, people just used to call me 'dwarf'. Maybe we could find some nickname for our Barry too. Like Barry, the improviser. Or Barry, the reckless."

"Just 'Barry' is fine, thank you very much," I say.

"Don't be like that, 'reckless'," Hadrik says with a grin. "I'm sure we could find a nickname that would be to your liking. Or we could add your father's name at the end of your own name, kinda like how those nobles from the Western Continent like to add their family names at the end sometimes, to make themselves feel more important! What do you say?"

"You don't have to force him to use a nickname if he doesn't want to," the man behind the desk says. "I already have an old nickname that I'm used to, so you can call me by that name, if you feel that it would be less confusing. My old nickname used to be 'thundercloud'."


[7] "Maybe somebody else is also trying to assassinate the king."

"That does bring up a good question..." Hadrik says. "If the king is already dead by the time we find him, wouldn't that mean that our enchanter's oath with Melindra would become voided?"

"Voided or not, as long as you'd help me get what I want from him, I would still consider our agreement valid," Melindra says. "Of that much, you can be certain."

"We shouldn't stay here for too long," Daren says, as he slowly limps towards us and grabs his sword from where I dropped it when I was being pinned down by the captain. "Even if the royal guards are gone, the regular city guards could still be arriving here any minute. We should look for a place to hide, where we can rest for a while and recover."

"Damn..." Hadrik says, as he looks at the way Daren is barely able to stand on his feet. "What happened to you? You look like someone just dropped a house on you!"

"You're one to talk?..." Daren says, as he finally manages to arrive at our position. "Have you taken a look in a mirror, lately? Your face is all swollen and you're full of bruises. I'd heal you up, but I'm just too weakened to do it right now. I barely even managed to cast a recovery spell on myself, to get me back on my feet."


[8] "Maybe Eiden tried to mess with the king, to see how he'd react."

"Yeah, I wouldn't put it past him to do something like that," Hadrik says. "Although it didn't really look like it was something he planned, judging by his reaction."

"We shouldn't stay here for too long," Daren says, as he slowly limps towards us and grabs his sword from where I dropped it when I was being pinned down by the captain. "Even if the royal guards are gone, the regular city guards could still be arriving here any minute. We should look for a place to hide, where we can rest for a while and recover."

"Damn..." Hadrik says, as he looks at the way Daren is barely able to stand on his feet. "What happened to you? You look like someone just dropped a house on you!"

"You're one to talk?..." Daren says, as he finally manages to arrive at our position. "Have you taken a look in a mirror, lately? Your face is all swollen and you're full of bruises. I'd heal you up, but I'm just too weakened to do it right now. I barely even managed to cast a recovery spell on myself, to get me back on my feet."

"I agree that we should go look for shelter," Kate says, as she takes a quick look at the now mostly empty plaza around us. "The longer we stay here, the more vulnerable we become. I can't say that I have any idea on how we could find a safe place in the middle of this enemy territory, however..."


[9] "Maybe it was just a defective device, and the king teleported the guards for nothing."

"Hah!" Hadrik says. "I could totally see that happening. I wonder what face Gontrok would make when he'd realize that he was summoned there for something so trivial."

"We shouldn't stay here for too long," Daren says, as he slowly limps towards us and grabs his sword from where I dropped it when I was being pinned down by the captain. "Even if the royal guards are gone, the regular city guards could still be arriving here any minute. We should look for a place to hide, where we can rest for a while and recover."

"Damn..." Hadrik says, as he looks at the way Daren is barely able to stand on his feet. "What happened to you? You look like someone just dropped a house on you!"

"You're one to talk?..." Daren says, as he finally manages to arrive at our position. "Have you taken a look in a mirror, lately? Your face is all swollen and you're full of bruises. I'd heal you up, but I'm just too weakened to do it right now. I barely even managed to cast a recovery spell on myself, to get me back on my feet."

"I agree that we should go look for shelter," Kate says, as she takes a quick look at the now mostly empty plaza around us. "The longer we stay here, the more vulnerable we become. I can't say that I have any idea on how we could find a safe place in the middle of this enemy territory, however..."


[10] "What happened to your friends that set off the explosion? Are they all safe?"

"We've contacted them before calling out to you, and they all managed to get away in time," says Peter, the second person accompanying Leila's father. "They will probably be joining us here, soon, after they are done with the business they had on the surface."

"You mentioned something about a 'king of the underground' earlier," Illuna says, as she looks towards Albert. "Who is this person, exactly?"

"The king of the underground is the leader of this small underground society, and a very generous sponsor of our resistance movement," Albert says. "He was gracious enough to provide us with a base of operations, here in these underground caverns, and he also gave us many useful tools, which have been a great help in our efforts to undermine the tyranny of the mad king of Ollendor. In return for his investments, the king of the underground has asked us to not take any actions without his explicit consent, and we've also agreed to sometimes go on missions personally requested by him, even if they are not always directly related to usurping the king from above."

"So, you guys are trying to start a rebellion, then?" Hadrik says.


[11] "How did they manage to pull it off? Didn't they have people guarding that place?"

"We actually planted those explosives there a long time ago, just in case," says Peter, the second person accompanying Leila's father. "You never know when you might need a distraction. The only thing our associates had to do was to get close enough to activate them, not actually enter the temple, so they didn't need to face any of the guards directly."

"You mentioned something about a 'king of the underground' earlier," Illuna says, as she looks towards Albert. "Who is this person, exactly?"

"The king of the underground is the leader of this small underground society, and a very generous sponsor of our resistance movement," Albert says. "He was gracious enough to provide us with a base of operations, here in these underground caverns, and he also gave us many useful tools, which have been a great help in our efforts to undermine the tyranny of the mad king of Ollendor. In return for his investments, the king of the underground has asked us to not take any actions without his explicit consent, and we've also agreed to sometimes go on missions personally requested by him, even if they are not always directly related to usurping the king from above."

"So, you guys are trying to start a rebellion, then?" Hadrik says.


[12] "Wasn't this a little risky, though? Why did your friends agree to do it just for us?"

"It wasn't as risky as you might think," says Peter, the second person accompanying Leila's father. "They didn't need to get into a fight with the guards in front of the temple, or anything. All they did was activate the explosives, and then they quickly got away, before anyone could figure out that they were the culprits."

"You mentioned something about a 'king of the underground' earlier," Illuna says, as she looks towards Albert. "Who is this person, exactly?"

"The king of the underground is the leader of this small underground society, and a very generous sponsor of our resistance movement," Albert says. "He was gracious enough to provide us with a base of operations, here in these underground caverns, and he also gave us many useful tools, which have been a great help in our efforts to undermine the tyranny of the mad king of Ollendor. In return for his investments, the king of the underground has asked us to not take any actions without his explicit consent, and we've also agreed to sometimes go on missions personally requested by him, even if they are not always directly related to usurping the king from above."

"So, you guys are trying to start a rebellion, then?" Hadrik says.


[13] "You don't have to thank me, Peter," Leila's father says. "I am also grateful to you all for having been kind enough to provide me with a place to live, when I had nowhere to go. I only hope that the work we are all doing here will not be in vain. I would very much like to be able to one day live with my daughter above the surface of this city, without having to fear for our lives every day."

"It's that bad in this city, huh?..." Hadrik says.

"Yes," Albert says. "The king just does what he wants, and if you so much as look at a guard the wrong way, you might find yourself disappearing from your house the next day, never to be heard from again. We are all very lucky that we get to live in these underground caverns, but there just isn't enough space here to fit all of the inhabitants of Ollendor. Not to mention that most of our air is coming from these plants you see growing on the walls, and there just aren't enough of them to provide a suitable environment for that many people."

"I've never seen plants like these before," Daren says, as he is still limping, closely behind us. "What are they called?"


[14] "Uhm... I'm sorry if I'm being too forward," Peter says, as he looks towards Kate and Illuna, "But I saw you two fighting back there and I had a question to ask. Would you by any chance happen to be... banshees?"

"Out of the two of us, only I am a banshee," Illuna says. "Kate is a woman mage, but she wasn't born as one. She became one later."

"I see..." Peter says, not really knowing what else to say.

"Also, I share this body with a little girl named Flower, who can cast magic as well," Illuna says. "The fire jets you saw earlier were coming from her, not from me."

"You share the body?..." Peter says, in a slight state of shock. "With your host?"

"Ooooh!" Albert says. "So that's why there were two names above your head when doctor Reidzek's daugher did the introductions! So I'm guessing that your name was Illuna, then?"

"Yes, that is correct," Illuna says. 

"Well, banshees or no, I'm sure that our king will be more than happy to have you on our team!" Albert says.

"When you say king, you mean your 'king of the underground', right?" Hadrik says. "Because it's starting to get a little confusing."


[15] "It's because we heard that you guys are serving some really good bagels around here."

"If that's the case, then I am sorry to tell you that you've travelled all this way for nothing," the man with the scar says. "The bagels they serve here are absolutely terrible. Don't listen to anyone telling you otherwise."

"That is truly a shame," I say. "But I guess since we're already here, we might as well stay for a while and do some sightseeing. Otherwise, it would feel like a wasted trip."

"No doubt," the man says. "So tell me, outsiders... since you've already run into the royal guards, did you by any chance have the pleasure of meeting the Overseer and his 'drowns' too?"


[16] "We only came here to do some trading. It's all just one big misunderstanding."

"Oh yes, that does make sense..." the man with the scar says. "I mean, who wouldn't join a deadly tournament just to come and do some trading with a kingdom that they've never heard of before in their lives?..."

"Yes, exactly!" I say. "I'm glad you see my point."

"So tell me, 'traders'... since you've already run into the royal guards, did you by any chance have the pleasure of meeting the Overseer and his 'drowns' too?"


[17] "We actually came here to kill the king of Ollendor."

"Oh?" the man with the scar says. "That is quite the ambitious goal that you've set for yourselves, then. Although it's not all that surprising. You wouldn't be the first assassins to come here in the hopes of killing the king. They've all failed, of course, in case that wasn't obvious enough."

"No worries!" I say. "We can handle ourselves!"

"No doubt," the man says, as he takes a quick glance towards Daren and Hadrik, who are full of bruises. "So tell me, outsiders... since you've already run into the royal guards, did you by any chance have the pleasure of meeting the Overseer and his 'drowns' too?" 


[18] "So, if I wanted, I could just mess with the auras of some rocks, and I'd have my own personal army of highly intelligent stone golems, then?..." Hadrik says.

"Sure," Arraka says. "If you also combine those rocks with some seredium, and some of the blue crystals lying around these caves, and a bunch of other stuff, and then spend a few decades working on them by using the knowledge you acquired from the Magium, then yes, you'll have your army. Call me in thirty years, and tell me how that's worked out for you."

"Anyway..." Albert says. "The important thing to know about this Overseer is that from what we've gathered, it does not seem to be on very good terms with Billy Bob, the lessathi, which is why it hasn't yet been granted full control of the 'drowns' in the city, and it is still labeled as an 'experimental' protocol. We have reasons to believe that the Overseer has plans of its own, although it is unclear to us what exactly it is trying to accomplish. In either case, if we were to win it to our side, we would potentially gain a great ally, because those 'drowns' are most certainly a force to be reckoned with."

"Why do you people keep calling them 'drowns'?" Melindra says. "I'm pretty sure the correct name was 'droons'. Isn't that what Billy Bob used to call them?"

"No, I am quite certain that I've heard him call them 'drowns' once," Albert says. "Or maybe it was 'droynes'? Listen, it doesn't really matter what he calls them. The name is stupid anyway. Let's just call them metal balls and be done with it."


[19] "What was that all about?" Hadrik asks Breynan, the man with the scar, in a low voice.

"You mean the girl?..." Breynan says. "We picked her up during a mission. All of her family had been taken away by the city guards, and she had nowhere to go. Her father and brother were mages, and they both disappeared without a trace from their homes one night, never to be heard from again. They aren't the only mages that have been taken away by guards all of a sudden, without any explanation, in the past few years. These sorts of situations have been happening increasingly more often as the years went by, and people barely have the courage to talk about it anymore, out of fear that they may become the next ones to get dragged out of their homes in the middle of the night, if they are not careful with their words."

"Do you have any idea why they might be doing this?" Daren asks Breynan, as I see Albert and Peter stopping in the middle of the room to have a discussion with one of their friends, while the little girl is just standing there, with her head bowed down.


[20] "Hey, Alice!" I shout. "Don't worry, we'll find your family for you!"

Hearing what I said, the little girl suddenly turns her head back towards me, with a glimmer of hope in her tired eyes.

"Do you really mean it?..." the girl shouts back, in a somewhat hesitant tone.

"Of course!" I say, loudly. "You can count on us! I'm sure we'll bring them all back to you in no time!"

The girl gasps, and tears of joy begin flowing from her eyes.

"Thank you!" the girl shouts, in a trembling voice. "Thank you so much! I promise that I'll do anything to make it up to you. I'll wash your dishes, and I'll... I'll cook your food... and scrub your floors, and--"

"It's alright!" I tell her. "You don't need to do any of that stuff. Just go get some rest. You look really tired!"

The little girl nods to me with a faint smile on her face, as she wipes the tears from her eyes, and then she moves to follow Albert and Peter out of the room, until none of them are visible anymore.


[21] Daren and Hadrik continue their discussion with Breynan for a while after the girl leaves the room with Albert and Peter. During this time, we see a few people coming in and out of the hall, going about their daily business, but one situation in particular eventually manages to attract our attention.

Just as we are finishing one of our conversations, we see an older man being dragged into the room against his will by two of his comrades, while he is desperately pleading them to let him go. After a while, the three of them stop in front of a man guarding an iron door, which has an impressive number of locks on it, and the word 'Quarantine' written in big red letters right above it.


[22] "No, no, no!" Jack shouts, as he's being pushed in the quarantine zone by his associates.

Once they push him inside, the guard closes the door, and then he locks it back up.

"Let me out!" we hear Jack shouting desperately from the other side, as he is pounding on the iron door with his fists. "I don't want to die in here! No, let go of me, what are you doing? I said let go! You can't do this to me. You can't!"

The old man's voice is becoming more and more muffled as the men on the inside are dragging him further into the quarantine area, until eventually the voice can no longer be heard anymore and the hallway becomes silent once again.

"Okay, what the HELL was that?!" Hadrik asks Breynan, after a few moments of us just staring at the iron door, without saying anything.


[23] "I know who you are, healer in armor," Desmond says. "I know what you've accomplished. But this disease is nothing like that 'Iknar' plague that you are so famous for having cured all by yourself. We have many skilled healers here, and all of them said that they haven't seen anything like it before. We already lost two of our best healers to this plague before we realized that there is nothing that can be done to stop it. I won't let you waste your life away as well."

"So you're just going to let them all die in front of your eyes?" Daren says, furiously. "They are your friends!"

"Don't you dare lecture me, healer," Desmond says, in a tone that suggests he is barely able to contain his rage. "I've already lost my wife to this disease, and I am about to lose my brother too, in a few days. If I'm telling you that it can't be done, then it can't be done! You're just going to throw your life away for nothing! Don't you get it? There's nothing you can do to save them. It doesn't matter how good of a healer you are. Nobody can achieve the impossible!"    


[24] "Wait, that's not why I followed you here!"

"It's not?..." Daren says.

"No, I only came after you because I wanted to stop you, but I was a little too late," I say. "Anyway, I see that you already made up your mind, so all I can do now is wish you luck."

"Oh..." Daren says, in a disappointed voice. "Well, in that case, thank you, I guess... I will try my best to not screw things up."

Having said that, Daren walks inside the quarantine area, and as soon as he enters, Desmond closes the door behind him and then locks it up once again. Given that I no longer have any business here, I decide to return to my friends, who are still gathered up near the row of chairs by the wall.

"I take it that you couldn't convince Daren to change his mind?..." Kate says, as I join them.

"He was too determined to go in there," I say. "There was nothing I could do."

"Eh, I'm sure he'll be fine," Hadrik says. "We've all gotten out of situations far worse than some lousy sickness. He'll find a way to deal with it eventually."


[25] "Alright. Lead the way!" I say.

"So, there were two mad fools instead of one..." Desmond says, as he looks at me.

"Well, I suppose they don't call me 'Barry the reckless' for nothing," I say. "See you later!"

Having said that, I go to follow Daren inside the quarantine area, and as soon as we both enter, Desmond closes the door behind us and then locks it up once again. We now find ourselves within a small corridor that is being lit by two torches, and at the end of the tunnel, there is another iron door, which does not appear to have any locks on it.

As we approach the door, we begin hearing the voice of the old man who got thrown in here earlier, and it seems that he is having an argument with a few of the other sick people in the quarantine area.

"Get a hold of yourself, Jack," says one of the guys beyond the door, as Daren and I make our way through the corridor. "You've done nothing but whine constantly ever since you got here. We even had to drag you away from the entrance, so you wouldn't bother anyone in the waiting room. Can you not at least try to enjoy your last few days of relatively good health while you still have them? Come here. Grab a beer. Play some cards with us. We're all in this together, after all. There's no need to make this even more depressing than it already is."


[26] "Oh, I wasn't sick when I first came here," Kelrim says. "But when I saw what was happening, I couldn't just stand by and let all these people suffer. As long as there was a chance for me to help cure any of them, I had to take it!"

"But why would you risk your life just to save some humans?" Daren asks, perplexed. "You're a goblin! Why would you care if any of these people live or die?"

"I could ask you the same thing, human by the name of Daren," Kelrim says. "Why would you care about any of their lives? Aren't you an outsider here? Aren't these humans all strangers to you? So why would you have any reason to want to save any of them? The answer is simple. It's because we are both healers, so it is in our nature to care about other's lives, regardless of their race or species. Is this not the reason why you began learning white magic in the first place? To help make a difference?"

"I..." Daren says, but he can't seem to be able to find his words. "I don't..."

"By the gods!" Kelrim says, as he moves towards one of the other beds, and he sees the back of Daren's neck accidentally. "Your neck! It doesn't have the pink spots! What are you doing here if you are not sick? You could be getting the disease any minute now! Don't move, I will cast a protection spell on you immediately!"


[27] "Yes, that is it, exactly!" Kelrim says. "I've been spending the last two weeks here, trying to find a way to cure this plague, but unfortunately this short protection spell is all I could come up with so far. Luckily for me, I am a goblin, so it takes much longer for the disease to take its toll on me, compared to humans. I should still have about two weeks left until my own sickness becomes contagious, so I will try to make the most use of this time to search for a cure."

"If this disease affects the aura," Daren says, "then I should be able to somewhat figure out what needs to be done, by focusing my magical sense on this person while I am in direct contact with him. Let me give it a try."

Daren then puts his hand on the sick man's chest once again and he closes his eyes, so he can better visualize the flow of his aura. After just standing like that for about thirty seconds, he finally opens his eyes again, as he gets a very grim expression on his face.

"Desmond was right..." Daren says. "This IS impossible. Unless..."


[28] "So, if you already managed to figure out the nature of the sickness, then why did you come back here?" Kate asks.

"It's because I can't cure it by myself," Daren says. "I need help. The disease is affecting the aura of the patients, but my magical sense is nowhere near refined enough to be able to understand what caused the sickness and how I can cure it. This is why I had to come back here."

He then places himself in front of Illuna, and he gets down to one knee, while bowing his head.

"Arraka, I need your help," Daren says. "You are the only person I know who has a good enough magical sense to be able to understand how this disease works. I realize how pathetic this is, but I have nobody else to turn to and if I don't do anything, all those people will die. Please... will you help me?"

"What the hell?..." Arraka says, as everyone else is looking at Daren, too shocked to say anything. "Is this going to be your new thing from now on? Bowing your head before your enemies so they can help you save random strangers?..."

She then pauses for a few seconds, during which Daren does not raise his head at all.


[29] "I have to admit that I was wondering how Kelrim got to learn white magic."

"I learned it mostly from books," Kelrim says. "Goblins don't typically practice healing magic, so I didn't have anyone to teach me. The standard white mage spellbook helped me a lot in the beginning, but I've read many other books as well, and in time, I also began to experiment, making small modifications to certain spells, in order to see what they would result in. Unfortunately, I am only a novice spell caster, so a lot of these experiments ended up in failure."

"If you've managed to modify any sort of spells successfully, then I'd say that you are quite far from being a novice mage," Illuna says. "Most beginner mages would rarely bother casting any other spells than the most basic ones, and they most certainly wouldn't risk modifying them."

"They wouldn't?..." Kelrim asks, surprised. "I always assumed that this was how everyone started learning how to use magic. Anyway, I had a question to ask you as well. You seem to have come to Ollendor recently. You wouldn't happen to have met a group of three goblins on your way here, would you? They were supposed to return to this city any day now, and I made sure to leave them this week's password written on a rock by the side of a river not far from here, but I haven't heard from them yet."


[30] "Now that you mention it, I am a bit curious to know how a goblin ended up in a human city."

"It's not that much of a story to tell, really," Kelrim says. "A while ago, my friend and I heard that the city of Ollendor accepted goblins within its borders, so we decided to come here and try our luck. After living here for some time, my friend decided to go out in search for two older friends of ours that we left behind, in the hopes that he could convince them to come here as well. In the meantime, a lot of things have happened, and I eventually ended up joining the rebels, as you can see." 

He pauses.

"Speaking of my friends..." Kelrim continues. "You wouldn't happen to have run into a group of three goblins on your way here, would you? They were supposed to return to this city any day now, and I made sure to leave them this week's password written on a rock by the side of a river not far from here, but I haven't heard from them yet."


[31] "Actually, I can't say that I care all that much, to be honest."

"That is understandable," Kelrim says. "You barely even know me, after all... However, if it's not too much trouble, there was a question that I wanted to ask you, since you seem to have come to Ollendor recently."

"Of course," Daren says. "What is it?"

"You wouldn't happen to have met a group of three goblins on your way here, would you?" Kelrim says. "They were supposed to return to this city any day now, and I made sure to leave them this week's password written on a rock by the side of a river not far from here, but I haven't heard from them yet."


[32] "My king!" Breynan shouts, and he then bows solemnly.

"Oh, there is no need to interrupt what you were just doing!" the man wearing the gray mantle says, as we all turn to face him. "Please, continue from where you left off. I'll wait."

As we're all just looking at him, unsure of what to say, Kate seems to be calming down a little and she is now massaging her forehead with both her hands, trying to become a little less tense.

"Should I take it that you're done, then?" the man wearing the mantle says, while raising an eyebrow. "Good. In that case, I will take this opportunity to apologize for making you wait so long. Unfortunately, I was in the middle of a meeting that just couldn't be interrupted, so I wasn't able to invite you to meet me right away. Given that I'm the one who kept you waiting, I figured that I should come and escort you personally, as an apology."


[33] "My king!" Breynan shouts, and he then bows solemnly.

"Oh, there is no need to interrupt what you were just doing!" the man wearing the gray mantle says, as we all turn to face him. "Please, continue from where you left off. I'll wait."

We all exchange a few looks, and then we simply stare at the man before us, unsure of what exactly to say.

"Should I take it that you're done, then?" the man wearing the mantle says, while raising an eyebrow. "Good. In that case, I will take this opportunity to apologize for making you wait so long. Unfortunately, I was in the middle of a meeting that just couldn't be interrupted, so I wasn't able to invite you to meet me right away. Given that I'm the one who kept you waiting, I figured that I should come and escort you personally, as an apology."


[34] The third chapter is now available.

Tap the button below to proceed.

