
[1] 

[2] "Perhaps we could be of some assistance!" says a man in his mid-fifties with a trimmed gray beard and a kind smile on his face, as he is slowly making his way towards us.

The man appears to be wearing some kind of a lab coat, and he is coming from one of the many alleyways leading out of the plaza, while being followed by two young armed men, who are both likely in their mid-twenties.

"And who might you be, if you don't mind me askin--" Daren begins to say, but he interrupts himself, when he sees Leila running towards the man who just spoke.

"Father!" Leila writes in very big letters, as she goes to hug the man in the lab coat.

"Leila my dearest... I have missed you so much!" the man says, as he hugs his daughter tightly.

"Father, these are my friends," Leila writes, as soon as she releases her father from her arms. "They helped me get out of prison and they escorted me all the way here."

"Yes, I think I got the general idea," Leila's father says. "I am very grateful to you all for taking care of my daughter for so long, but I recommend that we leave the introductions for later, when we are safely away from here."


[3] As soon as the voice stops talking, we all feel ourselves getting teleported out of the alleyway, as a white light begins to envelop us. A few moments later, we find ourselves standing in the middle of a dimly lit cave, in which the only source of light we have are some glowing blue crystals embedded in the walls. Upon looking around myself, I realize that the walls and the high ceiling are all made of seredium, and there are also some peculiar looking plants growing in this cave, which can probably only be found in underground places such as this.

The man named Barry that Leila's father was talking to earlier is standing behind some sort of metal desk with several buttons on it, and behind him, there is this very big metal device with many lights of different colors illuminating it, which I can only assume is the teleporter that was used to transport us here. I did hear that Varathians had access to technology such as this, and I'm pretty sure that it is through the use of one such device that we were brought here, to this continent, but this is the first time I've had the chance of seeing one up close.

"Thank you, Barry, for bringing us here," Leila's father says, to the man behind the desk.


[4] "Hey, that's not a bad nickname," Hadrik says. "Alright, then, thundercloud... would you mind telling us what exactly is this place? Have we been teleported below the city, or?..."

"Uh... I think so..." the man behind the desk says. "I remember that they told me about it during my initial briefing, but it's been a long time since then. Doctor, you had your briefing somewhat recently. Do you remember if the teleporter is located below Ollendor or not?"

"Yes, this teleporting device was placed somewhere below the center of the city, I believe," Leila's father says. "But we are very far below. This ceiling that you see high above us is made up of a massive layer of seredium, and as far as I know, there is no other way to reach the surface than to use this teleporter. These underground tunnels stretch for miles and miles, however, so it is not impossible that there is some exit that leads to the surface somewhere, but it's like a huge labyrinth down here, so you would be more likely to get lost and starve to death, than to find your way out."


[5] "I agree that we should go look for shelter," Kate says, as she takes a quick look at the now mostly empty plaza around us. "The longer we stay here, the more vulnerable we become. I can't say that I have any idea on how we could find a safe place in the middle of this enemy territory, however..."

"Perhaps we could be of some assistance!" says a man in his mid-fifties with a trimmed gray beard and a kind smile on his face, as he is slowly making his way towards us.

The man appears to be wearing some kind of a lab coat, and he is coming from one of the many alleyways leading out of the plaza, while being followed by two young armed men, who are both likely in their mid-twenties.

"And who might you be, if you don't mind me askin--" Daren begins to say, but he interrupts himself, when he sees Leila running towards the man who just spoke.

"Father!" Leila writes in very big letters, as she goes to hug the man in the lab coat.

"Leila my dearest... I have missed you so much!" the man says, as he hugs his daughter tightly.

"Father, these are my friends," Leila writes, as soon as she releases her father from her arms. "They helped me get out of prison and they escorted me all the way here."

"Yes, I think I got the general idea," Leila's father says. "I am very grateful to you all for taking care of my daughter for so long, but I recommend that we leave the introductions for later, when we are safely away from here."


[6] "Not exactly," Albert says. "We would prefer to avoid a civil war as much as possible. We do not want the blood of our brethren to stain the soils of this city. All we want is to get rid of the rotten leadership that has plagued this kingdom for many years, now, and we'd prefer to do it in a way that requires as little bloodshed as possible. When we told the king of the underground that you were fighting the royal guards, he took an interest in your group, which is why he decided to help you. He said that he would like to meet you as soon as possible, in the hopes that he could convince you to join our cause, or at least to form a temporary alliance with us. Anyway, we should not just be standing here. Our base of operations is a little further down these corridors. Please, follow us, and we will take you to our waiting room."

"See you later, Barry!" Leila's father says, as we all move to follow Albert inside one of the tunnels. "Oh, sorry, I meant to say thundercloud. It's going to take a while to get used to that nickname."

"Later, Doc!" the man behind the desk says. "I'm really glad that you finally found your daughter!"

"Father, why do these people call you 'doctor'?" Leila writes. "Have you begun practicing medicine since you arrived here?"

"I think it's mostly just because of this white lab coat that I usually wear in order to avoid staining my clothes with oil when I work on my devices," Leila's father says. "It resembles the coats that are typically worn by doctors in hospitals, and the people here kind of needed to give me a nickname, since my real name is rather hard to pronounce."


[7] "I don't think anyone has named them yet," Leila's father says, "but they seem to be a special kind of plant that has adapted to survive with only the few nutrients provided by these seredium rocks, and the dim light coming from these blue crystals. They must also have very strong roots, because these seredium walls are most certainly not easy to cut through."

"Oh, I just remembered something that I forgot to tell you all!" Albert says. "These thick seredium walls and ceiling make it almost impossible to contact anyone from the outside through a transceiver, so if you ever want to send a message to anyone on the surface, you'll need to contact Barry, or go to the teleporter room yourself, because that's the only place where there is little enough seredium in the ceiling that it doesn't completely block all of the magical waves sent by the transceiver."

"Speaking of that teleporter..." I say. "Would it happen to be the same teleporting device that transported us tournament participants to Varathia, by any chance?"

"Oh, no, no, no!" Albert says. "Most definitely not. This teleporter barely covers the range of this city, and that's only because it has been placed right in the middle of it. I don't think there are more than a few teleporters on this island that are powerful enough to teleport you on one of the other continents, and they must all be very heavily guarded. I am quite certain that no such teleporter can be found in Ollendor, however."


[8] "Yes, that is what I meant," Albert says, as we finally reach the end of the corridor and enter a large empty room, with about a dozen chairs lined up near the entrance, and a few people standing around in the middle of the hall. "Anyway, this is the waiting room that we were talking about earlier. Please have a seat. In the meantime, Peter and I will go notify the king of your arrival."

As we are talking, a man in his forties with a scar on his left eye and a rugged look about him slowly begins to approach us, from the other end of the room. He seems to be one of the local mages, judging by his aura and by the warning sign I'm seeing above his head, although I can't tell if he's a weapon enchanter or if he has some other specialization. He has a sword hanging from his belt and he is wearing leather armor, but he is also holding a staff in his right hand, which I'm assuming he uses for casting spells.

"Hey, Albert!" the man says, as he gets closer to us. "Are these the outsiders that Barry told us about, earlier?"

"Yes, these are the ones," Albert says.

"Oh?" the man says, looking somewhat impressed. "So they're still not dead after facing the royal guards by themselves? Not bad... Not bad at all!"

"They've only met three of the royal guards," Albert says. "The captain, the mercenary and the giant. The other members of the guard must have been busy with some different mission."


[9] "I'm not sure who this Overseer is supposed to be, but if by 'drowns' you mean those flying metal balls, then yeah, we did meet them," I say. "Those pieces of junk nearly killed us."

"Oh yeah," the man says. "Those 'drowns' are not to be underestimated, but the Overseer is even worse... He has complete control over those metal balls, and he can even use them to spy on you. Some people here may not agree with me, but I think that bastard is even more dangerous than Billy Bob and the royal guards combined."

"You keep calling it a 'he', but the Overseer is clearly an 'it'," Albert says. "It's just some artificial intelligence protocol that was invented by the ancients a long time ago, which Billy Bob managed to repair recently. Regardless of how 'intelligent' it is, that still doesn't make it a person."

"You only say that because you've never met him!" the man with the scar says. "I'm telling you, that bastard is only putting on an act! You might think he's dumb, because of the way he talks, but one of these days I swear he's going to overthrow the king to crown himself the new ruler of Ollendor, and you people won't be able to say that I haven't told you so, when it happens!"

"Yes, yes, Breynan," Albert says. "You've told us so. You've told us so a thousand times. So maybe now we could stop talking about this subject and focus on more important matters, don't you think?"


[10] "The Overseer?" I say. "Oh, you mean that green-eyed metal ball that talks funny? Yeah, we met him."

"You might think he's just some funny talking metal ball, but he's so much more than that," the man says. "That bastard has complete control over all those red-eyed metal balls you see flying around the city, and he can send them to attack you with dozens of elemental spells, or even use them to spy on you. Some people here may not agree with me, but from my point of view, that Overseer is even more dangerous than Billy Bob and the royal guards combined."

"You keep calling it a 'he', but the Overseer is clearly an 'it'," Albert says. "It's just some artificial intelligence protocol that was invented by the ancients a long time ago, which Billy Bob managed to repair recently. Regardless of how 'intelligent' it is, that still doesn't make it a person."

"You only say that because you've never met him!" the man with the scar says. "I'm telling you, that bastard is only putting on an act! You might think he's dumb, because of the way he talks, but one of these days I swear he's going to overthrow the king to crown himself the new ruler of Ollendor, and you people won't be able to say that I haven't told you so, when it happens!"

"Yes, yes, Breynan," Albert says. "You've told us so. You've told us so a thousand times. So maybe now we could stop talking about this subject and focus on more important matters, don't you think?"


[11] "Actually, I like to call them golem heads," Melindra says. "You know, because of that eye they have in the middle."

"Ugh..." Albert says. "Whatever. Come on, Peter, we should be going to meet the king. We've already kept him waiting long enough."

"Excuse me..." says a little girl that is probably around seven years of age, as she is timidly approaching our group. "Are you coming from the surface? Are you warriors?..."

"Uh... yes," Daren says. "Yes we are... Why do you ask?"

"Please, sirs..." the little girl says, as she weakly grabs both me and Daren by our wrists. "Could you help me find my family? My mother has been gone for three days... My father and brother for even longer than that. These people said they'd help me. They said they'd help me find them, but they lied! They haven't looked for them at all, and it's already been three days. Please, sirs, you have to help me... You are my only hope!"


[12] "Given that the majority of their targets so far have been mages," Breynan says, "we're thinking that they may be taking them to those large black towers, coated with seredium. I don't know if you've seen how they work, but those towers are basically the main source of magical energy for all of the gadgets in this city, from the flying metal carriages, to those metal balls roaming the skies. The energy in those towers is coming from all the mages that you see standing on the flying platforms on the side of them, and also from all the mages that are inside the towers. These people work all day to transfer magical energy to the tower, and in return, they get paid for their services. But I think Billy Bob wasn't happy with the amount of energy he was getting from voluntary work, so he decided to have some of the mages kidnapped, so they could work day and night at the towers, without pay. We don't know this for certain, of course. So far, it is only speculation on our part."

"Have you not been to those towers to see if you could find the girl's father and brother there?" Daren says.


[13] "Barry, I get what you were trying to do, but you shouldn't just give people false hopes like that..." Daren says. "We aren't even sure where her family is, or if they're still alive, not to mention that doing what you promised would mean straying pretty far off-course from what we originally came here to accomplish..."

"You sure about that?..." I say. "Because the way I see it, once we kill the king, all his forces will be in disarray, and it should become easy for us to infiltrate one of the towers. Not to mention that if we crown one of our allies as the new king, we will be able to order the guards to tell us what they did with the mother. If you ask me, helping the girl should align perfectly with what we originally came here to do."

"You're making a lot of assumptions there, Barry..." Daren says. "But I suppose you're right, in a way. At the very least, we should be able to do more for this girl than the rebels have done so far, even if we were to only stick to our initial plan. I guess we'll just have to see how it all plays out in the end."

Just as we are about to finish our conversation, we see an older man being dragged into the room against his will by two of his comrades, while he is desperately pleading them to let him go. After a while, the three of them stop in front of a man guarding an iron door, which has an impressive number of locks on it, and the word 'Quarantine' written in big red letters right above it.


[14] "Barry, I get what you were trying to do, but you shouldn't just give people false hopes like that..." Daren says. "We aren't even sure where her family is, or if they're still alive, not to mention that doing what you promised would mean straying pretty far off-course from what we originally came here to accomplish..."

"You sure about that?..." I say. "Because the way I see it, once we kill the king, all his forces will be in disarray, and it should become easy for us to infiltrate one of the towers. Not to mention that if we crown one of our allies as the new king, we will be able to order the guards to tell us what they did with the mother. If you ask me, helping the girl should align perfectly with what we originally came here to do."

"You're making a lot of assumptions there, Barry..." Daren says. "But I suppose you're right, in a way. At the very least, we should be able to do more for this girl than the rebels have done so far, even if we were to only stick to our initial plan. I guess we'll just have to see how it all plays out in the end."

"Huh..." Breynan says. "So this was why you really came here, then. To kill the king of Ollendor... I'm sure that our king of the underground will be ecstatic when he hears this."

Just as we are about to finish our conversation, we see an older man being dragged into the room against his will by two of his comrades, while he is desperately pleading them to let him go. After a while, the three of them stop in front of a man guarding an iron door, which has an impressive number of locks on it, and the word 'Quarantine' written in big red letters right above it.


[15] "We've got another one for you, Desmond," one of the two younger men says to the guard. "Open the door."

"Gotcha," Desmond says, as he begins opening the locks, one by one.

"Please..." says the older man. "I still have two hours left. At least let me say goodbye to my son!"

"Your son is away on a mission, old man," says the younger man who spoke earlier. "He won't be back until sundown. You will never see him again."

"But I still have two hours!" the older man says. "You can't do this to me!"

"Don't make this harder for the rest of us, Jack," the other young man says. "Your life is over. You know this. What difference are two more hours going to make? Stop crying and act like a man, will you? It's not like we're doing this because we're enjoying it."

"Alright, get him inside," the guard says, as he opens the door.


[16] "Listen, I know what this looks like from an outsider's perspective, but we don't exactly have a lot of options, here..." Breynan says. "There is a terrible disease currently plaguing our city, and sometimes the men we send out on missions happen to catch it. We don't know where it's coming from, we don't know what it is, and we have no way of curing it. All we know is that once you get it, there are three pink spots that immediately appear on the back of your neck, and then exactly a week after that, you start getting the very first symptoms of the disease, and your illness becomes contagious. Once the sickness really starts kicking in, you're going to get violent coughs, a high fever, and eventually you won't even be able to get out of bed anymore. Nobody who contracted this disease has ever managed to live through it. The only thing we can do is to isolate everyone who becomes ill, so that we can at least keep our casualties to a minimum."

"No..." Daren says. "No, this isn't right... You can't just abandon these people like this. There has to be a way to save them. I'm going in there!"


[17] "That doesn't mean that I can't still try!" Daren says, with a very determined look in his eyes. "Listen to me, Desmond. When I came here to this tournament, I promised myself that I wouldn't get distracted. I swore that I would focus on my goal of winning the tournament regardless of what would happen, because winning the Magium is what's most important. If I were to win the Magium, everything else that I couldn't do before would become possible, and I could potentially save tens of thousands of lives in the time that would have normally taken me to save only one. But none of that matters right now. None of it matters, because by the time I'll win the tournament... by the time I'll finally gain access to the Magium... all of those people behind that door will be long dead, and I cannot let that happen. I would never be able to forgive myself if I did."

Daren then takes one step forward, and he puts both his hands on the guard's shoulders, as he looks him straight in the eye.


[18] While Daren is busy tending to the sick inside the quarantine area, the rest of us spend this time to have a few discussions with Breynan and Leila's father about the structure of their underground society, and their relation to the people living on the surface of the city. Just as we are beginning to get a better understanding of how things are working in Ollendor, both above ground and below it, we see the iron door opening, as Daren limps out of the quarantine area, with a goblin dressed in white mage robes following close behind him.

"A goblin?..." Illuna asks surprised, when the two of them reach us.


[19] The men suddenly stop talking when Daren and I open the iron door and make our way into the very large room that they are in. As we take a look around, we see that there is a table set up near the entrance, where the old man Jack and a few other younger men are having a beer and playing some cards. The rest of the room is full of sick people lying on their beds, coughing violently or just simply staring at the ceiling. And in the middle of all these people, to our surprise, we see a lone goblin dressed in white mage robes that is currently walking from one bed to another, tending to the sick, while apparently being too focused on his work to have noticed us entering the room.

"A goblin?..." Daren asks, seemingly in a state of shock. "A goblin is the one taking care of all these people?"

After staring at the goblin for a few seconds, dumbfounded, Daren immediately snaps out of it, when he sees the goblin casting a healing spell on one of the patients.

"No, no, no!" Daren says loudly, and then he begins limping in a hurry towards the goblin. "That's not how you cast that spell! Here, let me help you."


[20] The goblin then extends his hands towards Daren, and a white light envelops him, as I sense the magic flow all around him.

"And here's one for your friend as well," Kelrim says, as he immediately casts the same spell on me. "Now leave, quickly! This spell won't last for more than an hour, and it can only be cast once every few days for each person. If you don't leave now, I cannot guarantee your safety for long!"

"Never mind that!" Daren says. "Tell me, what was the protection spell you cast on us just now? It looked very familiar."

"Oh," Kelrim says, "this was just a slightly modified version of one of the basic protection spells described in the 'Advanced Theory of Magic' book, written by your sage, Azarius."

"This book again..." Daren says. "Barry, you said you read that book. Do you happen to know which spell he is talking about?"

"Judging by the way he held his hands and from the manner in which the light enveloped us," I say, "I would wager that it was one of the protections that defend you against magical diseases that directly affect your aura."


[21] Daren then straightens up, with a much more serious look in his eyes, as he takes his hand off the patient on the bed.

"Unless what?" Kelrim asks.

"There is one person who can help, but getting them to assist us might not be so easy," Daren says. "Follow me, and I'll show you what I'm talking about."

"Uhm... okay," Kelrim says. "Lead the way, then."

Daren nods, and he begins heading towards the exit, as the goblin and I both follow him. Once we get past the first iron door and the corridor past it, we knock on the iron door leading to the waiting room, letting the guard know that we want out.

"So, you've given up already, healer?" Desmond asks Daren, as he opens the door.

"Not just yet," Daren says, and then he leads us back towards our friends, who were still waiting for the king of the underground, near the row of chairs by the wall.

"A goblin?..." Illuna asks surprised, when we reach them.

"Yes, this is Kelrim," Daren says. "A goblin white mage who has been volunteering to treat the sick people in the quarantine area for the past two weeks. He also cast a protection spell on me and Barry that shielded us temporarily from the disease, and he helped me figure out the nature of the illness."

"Daren, working together with a monster?" Hadrik says. "Now there's something that I never thought I'd see in this lifetime!"


[22] "Hmm..." Arraka says. "You know what? I'll do it. I honestly couldn't care less whether the people in that room live or die, but if this will serve as a good enough motivator for you to actually improve your magical sense beyond just a basic level, then it's going to be time well spent for me. However, I should warn you that I'm not planning to hand you anything on a silver platter. You're the one who's going to be finding the cure to that disease, not me. The only thing I will be doing is giving you vague hints, to get you on the right track. Don't think that I'll go easy on you, just because you're putting your own life on the line. If you die from something as stupid as this, it will only prove to me that you were never ready to face Selkram to begin with. So, tell me healer... after hearing all of this, do you still want my help?"

"I do," Daren says, still not raising his head.

"Well, in that case, we have a deal," Arraka says. "Show me those sick patients of yours, and we can start working on them right away, if you want."


[23] "Did the writing on that rock say 'griffin beak' by any chance?" I say.

"No," Kelrim says. "I mean, yes, that's what it technically says, but you are not meant to read the writing as it is. You are supposed to rearrange the symbols, using a secret code known only by me and my friends, and if you do that, the password it gives you is 'gargoyle wings'. But how do you know what was written on the rock?"

"Well..." I say. "It turns out that our friend Melindra over here took that rock to add it to her collection."

"What?..." Melindra says. "No, there was no writing on any of my rocks!"

"As you can see, she didn't know about the writing," I say. "She only picked up the rock by accident."

"Hey!" Melindra says. "I said there was nothing written on any of the rocks! Don't ignore me!"

"But then... if they don't have the rock, it means that my friends are just stuck outside, unable to get into the city!" Kelrim says, as Melindra is pouting in the background.

"Yeah, they're most definitely outside," I say. "Some goblins tried calling out to us before we got here, but we just ignored them and went on our way."

"I see..." Kelrim says. "In that case, I will have to go out and look for them later."


[24] "Those goblins that you speak of..." Daren says, looking a bit shaken. "Would they have been wearing some really basic equipment? Like cheap leather armor and some really worn down weapons? Was one of them considerably older than the other two?"

"Yes, that's them!" Kelrim says. "You've met them, then?"

"Yes, but..." Daren says, struggling to find his words. "We... killed them. We killed them all. We thought that they were with Tyrath. Kelrim, I'm so sorry, we didn't think that... We just..."

While Daren is still trying to find his words, Kelrim looks as if he is only now slowly beginning to fully grasp what has been said to him.

"My friends are... dead?" Kelrim says, with great pain in his voice, as he is now looking straight ahead of him, almost as if he has forgotten that there is anyone else in the room now beside him.

The goblin's knees then begin to tremble, and as he loses the strength to even stand up, he takes a step back and he drops into one of the chairs behind him, without uttering another word. In the meantime, Kate looks as if she's having a little crisis herself. She is sweating very hard, and she is staring straight at the ground, looking as if she were about to have a mental breakdown.


[25] "We did run into some goblins on our way here, actually," I say. "They wanted to discuss something with us about the password required to enter the city, but we just ignored them and went on our way."

"I see..." Kelrim says. "Those must have been my friends. I don't see why any other goblins would be hanging out near the city. I will have to go out and look for them later."


[26] "We did run into some goblins on our way here, actually," I say. "We had a little chat with them about that very rock you were talking about. Apparently they didn't find it on the side of the river, and they thought that we were the ones who took it. Anyway, they're probably still waiting in the forest outside the village, since I doubt they could have gotten inside the city through any other means."

"I see..." Kelrim says. "In that case, I will have to go out and look for them later."


[27] "We did run into some goblins on our way here, actually," I say. "We had a little chat with them about that very rock you were talking about. It turned out that we had taken it by accident, so we traded them the password written on it in exchange for them telling us that we needed to wink three times at the guard, for him to let us through. I'm sure that your friends must have already entered the city by now."

"Oh my..." Kelrim says. "In that case, they must already be waiting for me at our meeting spot. I will have to go there as soon as possible."


[28] "We did run into some goblins on our way here, actually," I say. "We had a little chat with them about that very rock you were talking about. It turned out that we had taken it by accident, so we traded them the password written on it in exchange for them telling us that we needed to wink three times at the guard, for him to let us through. Your friends entered the city shortly before us, so they should be hanging around somewhere on the surface right now."

"Oh my..." Kelrim says. "In that case, they must already be waiting for me at our meeting spot. I will have to go there as soon as possible."


[29] "You're the king of the underground?..." Daren asks.

"In the flesh," the man with the gray mantle says.

"So, where are you going to escort us, then?" Hadrik says.

"To my throne room, of course," the king of the underground says. "Follow me."

He then begins heading towards the other end of the hall, but then he stops and turns to us one last time.

"Oh, and I do hope that you don't have any appointments scheduled right after our meeting," the king of the underground says. "It's going to take a while."

