
[1] 

[2] "Should we take it that you already have some escape route prepared for us?" Kate asks.

"I do!" Leila's father says. "Follow me, if you please."

We all exchange a few looks, and then we follow Leila and her father, as well as his two bodyguards into the narrow alley that they came from. Leila's father then pulls a transceiver out of his lab coat, and he immediately begins speaking into it.

"Barry, can you hear me?" Leila's father says.

"Ugh... not again!" I say, as Hadrik and Arraka both start laughing in the background.

"Barry!" Leila's father shouts into the transceiver again, as Hadrik and Arraka's laughs are intensifying.

"Please wait a moment," Leila's father tells us. "I'm having a bit of trouble reaching one of my companions, due to the thick layer of seredium that-- I'm sorry, is something wrong?"

"Don't mind us!" Hadrik says, as he struggles to stop himself from laughing. "We were just laughing because our friend over here is also named Barry, and this isn't the first time we've met somebody else with his name in the course of our journeys."


[3] "You're welcome, Doc," the man behind the desk says. "But who are all these people? Friends of yours?"

"This is my daughter, Leila," Leila's father says, as he points towards her. "I believe I've already spoken to you about her on several occasions. And these are Leila's friends, who helped her reach Ollendor. Sadly, I haven't had the time to learn their names yet. Leila, could you please introduce us?"

Leila nods, and she displays each of our names above our heads, written in her usual blue writing.

"Pleased to meet you all!" Leila's father says. "I am Reidzek, these two beside me are Peter and Albert, and that man over there by the desk is Barry, as you already know."


[4] "How did you manage to find us?" Leila writes. "Were you just passing by, or did somebody tell you that we would be there?"

"We've been following you since you entered the city," says one of Reidzek's two bodyguards, who is called Albert. "The two of us, I mean. Not doctor Reidzek. The doctor told us once that his daughter had silver hair, so as soon as we saw you and your group, we immediately contacted Barry over here, so he could tell the doctor and teleport him to the surface. When we saw you pick a fight with the royal guards, we panicked a little, but we managed to convince the king of the underground to send some of our men to create a diversion at the temple where they were holding the ceremony, in the hopes that this would get the royal guards off your back."

"Wait a second..." Daren says. "So you're saying that you are the ones who set off that explosion?"

"Some of our comrades did, yes," Albert says. "We knew that the king tends to teleport the royal guards to his position, whenever he feels that his life may be in danger, so we figured that an explosion should be more than enough to scare him a little."


[5] "It's more than just the lab coat, doctor," Peter says. "The first time we met you, you almost got arrested by the city guards because you were giving medical assistance to one of our comrades who was severely injured during one of his missions. If you hadn't been there to help him, he might well have died from blood loss before we would have reached him. You've also helped us fix some of our healing devices, which have been used to save many lives in the past few days. We are all extremely grateful for the work you've been doing since you came here."


[6] "You guys had a run-in with the captain?" the man with the scar says, as he looks at us, surprised. "That would explain why you all look so beaten up. Tell me, what kind of madness possessed you when you decided to illegally infiltrate one of the most well-guarded cities on this continent?"


[7] "Hold on, there..." Hadrik says. "You guys are saying that the lessathi from a thousand years ago found a way to bring objects to life?"

Albert sighs.

"The Overseer is not alive, in the real sense of the word," he says. "Just intelligent enough to make its own decisions."

"But is that even possible?..." Hadrik says. "Making objects intelligent just by messing with their aura? Daren, you're an enchanter. Have you ever heard of something like this before?"

"Hey, I didn't even know that objects had auras until Arraka told me about it a few days ago," Daren says. "I always thought that I was just casting magic on the air around the items, when I was doing the enchanting before. The aura of objects is just so different from that of living beings, that I honestly can't tell what is possible and what is not."

"Of course it's possible, you idiots!" Arraka blurts out, all of a sudden. "It's just like when you're making golems. If golems can be smart enough to make decisions on their own, then why not also this 'Overseer', or whatever it's called? To me, this 'artificial intelligence' just sounds like a smarter version of those golems that you typically see guarding ruins and attacking everyone that gets within their range of sight. I don't really see why there's any need to treat it as something special."


[8] "Hold on, there..." Hadrik says. "You guys are telling me that the old scrap of metal with the green eye that talked to us is actually alive?"

Albert sighs.

"Not alive, in the real sense of the word," he says. "Just intelligent enough to make its own decisions."

"But is that even possible?..." Hadrik says. "Making objects intelligent just by messing with their aura? Daren, you're an enchanter. Have you ever heard of something like this before?"

"Hey, I didn't even know that objects had auras until Arraka told me about it a few days ago," Daren says. "I always thought that I was just casting magic on the air around the items, when I was doing the enchanting before. The aura of objects is just so different from that of living beings, that I honestly can't tell what is possible and what is not."

"Of course it's possible, you idiots!" Arraka blurts out, all of a sudden. "It's just like when you're making golems. If golems can be smart enough to make decisions on their own, then why not also this 'Overseer', or whatever it's called? To me, this 'artificial intelligence' just sounds like a smarter version of those golems that you typically see guarding ruins and attacking everyone that gets within their range of sight. I don't really see why there's any need to treat it as something special."


[9] "Come on, Alice, you know that you shouldn't be bothering strangers..." Albert says, and then he pulls the girl away from us, as she looks as if she were on the verge of crying.
 
"Yes, sir..." Alice says, in a meek tone of voice and with a very tired expression on her face, looking as if she's already given up all hope. "I'm sorry. It won't happen again..."

"Sorry about that," Albert tells us, and then he turns to his friend. "Let's go, Peter!"

"Oh, it's... no trouble," Daren says, as he looks with a somewhat worried expression in his eyes at the girl and the two men slowly walking towards the end of the long hall.


[10] "We tried, but those areas are heavily guarded," Breynan says. "We would risk too many of our men just to confirm our theory, and then we'd need a whole battalion to actually free the slaves. As cruel as this may sound, there are unfortunately more important things to spend our resources on than finding a little girl's family."

"What about the girl's mother?" Hadrik asks. "Do you know what happened to her?"

"Her mother went missing shortly after she began asking the city guards to investigate why her husband and son had disappeared," Breynan says. "She must have insisted a little too much and gotten on one of the guards' nerves. Only the gods know where she may be now... If she is still alive, that is."

As I look towards the other end of the hall again, I see that Albert and Peter have finished their conversation with their friend, and they are almost about to exit the room, with the little girl following close behind.


[11] "We've got another one for you, Desmond," one of the two younger men says to the guard. "Open the door."

"Gotcha," Desmond says, as he begins opening the locks, one by one.

"Please..." says the older man. "I still have two hours left. At least let me say goodbye to my son!"

"Your son is away on a mission, old man," says the younger man who spoke earlier. "He won't be back until sundown. You will never see him again."

"But I still have two hours!" the older man says. "You can't do this to me!"

"Don't make this harder for the rest of us, Jack," the other young man says. "Your life is over. You know this. What difference are two more hours going to make? Stop crying and act like a man, will you? It's not like we're doing this because we're enjoying it."

"Alright, get him inside," the guard says, as he opens the door.


[12] "No, wait, you're not allowed to--" Breynan starts to say, but Daren does not listen to him and he storms right past us, straight for the iron door, at a speed that makes it look like he's completely forgotten that he is still in pain from the beating he's taken earlier.

"I'll go get him..." I tell Breynan, as I rush to follow Daren.

Before I manage to catch up to him, however, Daren calls out to the guard in front of the iron door, asking to be allowed inside the quarantine zone.

"Open the door, please!" Daren tells the guard, and then he stops in front of him. "I want to take a look inside, and see if I can help."

Realizing that I'm already too late, I place myself not too far behind Daren and I decide to wait and see what their conversation will lead to. 

"Nobody is allowed inside the quarantine zone," says Desmond, the guard. "Especially not outsiders. Go back to your chair and wait for the king to summon you. There is nothing for you to see here."

"No, you don't understand!" Daren says. "I am a healer. If you let me in there, I might find a way to cure them!"


[13] "Desmond, please... let me in," Daren says. "Let me in, so I can go save your brother..."

It seems that the rage in Desmond's eyes has disappeared, and now he is giving Daren a long, thoughtful look, probably trying to decide if he should put his trust in him or not. 

"You are insane, healer!" Desmond tells Daren after a while, as he pushes both his hands away from his shoulders. "You are a madman and a fool! Even more of a fool than that idiot Kelrim."

The guard then begins opening the locks one by one, until he's finally done with them, and then he opens the iron door.

"Do as you wish," Desmond says. "But know that you only have one week at your disposal. If in one week you don't make any progress, you either keep out of our base, or we'll lock you in with the rest of them. Don't say that I didn't warn you."

"Thank you," Daren says. "I'll make sure not to waste this chance you've given me."

Daren then turns towards me.

"Let's go, Barry!" he says.


[14] "Yes, this is Kelrim," Daren says. "A goblin white mage who has been volunteering to treat the sick people in the quarantine area for the past two weeks."

"Two weeks?" I ask. "Shouldn't that mean that his disease is contagious by now?"

"No," Daren says. "Apparently, this sickness develops more slowly for goblins than it does for humans, so he should still have around two more weeks before he needs to be locked in the quarantine area with the others."

"Okay..." I say. "But why did you bring him with you?"

"I brought him here because he wants to find a cure to this sickness just as much as I do," Daren says. "He also helped me out a lot by casting a protection spell on me that shielded me temporarily from the disease, and it is thanks to him that I managed to figure out the true nature of this illness."

"Daren, working together with a monster?" Hadrik says. "Now there's something that I never thought I'd see in this lifetime!"

"The healer speaks the truth!" Breynan says, after inspecting the back of Daren's neck. "That temporary spell he spoke of really did manage to protect him from the disease!"


[15] As I get closer to the two of them, I see that Daren is now holding one of the goblin's wrists with his right hand, while touching the patient's chest with his left hand. From what I can tell by using my magical sense, Daren seems to be assisting the goblin with his healing spell by helping him stabilize the flow of his magic. Once the spell is cast, Daren lets go of the goblin, and then he takes his hand off the sick man as well.

"See, this is how it's done!" Daren says. "You really shouldn't risk casting these advanced spells unless you have full control over them. You could very easily injure yourself with one of these, if you're not careful."

"Thank you for the advice, kind stranger," the goblin says in the Common language, with a surprisingly good accent. "As you could probably tell, I am only a novice in the arts of healing, but I do what I can to help. My name is Kelrim. Pleased to make your acquaintance!"

He then extends his hand, as Daren shakes it somewhat hesitantly.

"My name's Daren," he says. "And this here's my friend, Barry. You say your name is Kelrim... I think I heard the guard at the door mention you. He called you an idiot. I don't understand... What are you doing in this place? Why are you helping these people? Did they throw you in the quarantine area, like they did with the others?"


[16] "Daren, are you sure about this?" Kelrim says, as Daren finally raises his head and then stands up from the ground. "I won't be able to cast the protection spell on you a second time. If you choose to go back in there now, you will catch the disease for good."

"I already accepted that risk when I went in the first time," Daren says. "Illuna, give me the amulet."

"Wait," Breynan says. "Don't go to the quarantine room just yet. The king of the underground should be arriving any minute now, and I think you'll want to hear what he has to say. I'm sure you'll have plenty of time to treat the sick patients after you're done talking with our king."

"Fine," Daren says. "But I hope he hurries up. It's already been a while since we came here."

"Yeah, this king sure is taking his sweet time to come greet us," Hadrik says. "Hopefully that Albert guy didn't stop to talk with any more of his friends on the way, or we're going to be waiting here for a really long time."

"I don't see any harm in that," Leila's father says. "It gives us a good opportunity to get to know each other better. For example, I'm certain that many of you would have more than a few questions to ask of our friend Kelrim, over here. After all, it is not often that you get to meet a goblin white mage, and especially not within the confines of a human city."


[17] "The healer speaks the truth!" Breynan says, after inspecting the backs of our necks. "That temporary spell he spoke of really did manage to protect them from the disease!"


[18] That's right... Kate killed one of Kelrim's friends herself. She must be behaving this way because of the guilt she's feeling after she saw the goblin react to his friends' deaths.

"Kelrim..." Daren says. "I didn't know... I..."

"No, it's alright," Kelrim says, as he tries hard to regain his composure, although if you were to judge from the look he now has in his eyes, you would think that he hasn't slept at all for three days straight. "I'm not blaming you. They were goblins, after all... You had no reason to think twice before killing them. Who knows? If they were different goblins, they might even have killed you, if you didn't attack them first... I know that this is how the world works, but still... I... just need a few moments to recollect myself, that's all..."

Hearing the goblin's words seems to have pushed Kate even further over the edge. Her eyes are blinking rapidly, and she looks as if she is quickly panicking.

"Kate, are you with me?" I ask her, as I place myself in front of her. "Kate!"

Kate raises her eyes from the ground, but she doesn't answer, now looking at me with the same panicked expression that she was having before. 

As I am still busy trying to get Kate to snap out of it, Breynan suddenly turns around and then he jumps back, out of shock, now looking at a man in his mid-fifties standing in front of him, who is wearing chainmail armor and a gray mantle around his shoulders.


[19] All of a sudden, Breynan turns around and then he jumps back, out of shock, now looking at a man in his mid-fifties standing in front of him, who is wearing chainmail armor and a gray mantle around his shoulders.

