
[1] 

[2] "Well, I don't know your name," the king says, "but I've had informants in the palace for quite some time, and eight years ago they told me how a stillwater girl wearing pajamas was banished from our continent by the mad king. Luckily for me, you are still wearing the same type of clothes, so it was easy for me to recognize you even after having been given such a vague description."

"Hey!" Melindra says. "I'll have you know that these clothes are in no way similar to what you people wear as pajamas! Tell me... what pajamas have you ever seen with such an elegant design and high quality fabric? Do you have any idea how long it took me to find someone capable of custom tailoring these clothes for me? Six hundred years ago, the only people who didn't wear these types of garments were servants and prisoners, but nowadays people can't even tell that they are not meant to be sleepwear. It's outrageous!"

"My apologies!" the king of the underground says. "I did not mean to insult your clothing. I was simply repeating what my men have told me. I imagine that most clothes would start to feel uncomfortable, once you've gotten used to wearing only garments made of such fine silk."

"Yes!" Melindra says. "That is exactly why I can't bring myself to wear any other types of clothes. Finally, someone gets it!"


[3] "That would be the main gist of it, yes," the king of the underground says. "However, I would first like to ask you one important question. How exactly were you planning to get past all of the defenses the king has in place, before you could get close enough to assassinate him?"

"Uh... we didn't really know much about this city's defenses before we came here, so we couldn't make any preparations in advance," Hadrik says. "Our plan was more or less to head straight for the palace, and then to just wing it."

"I suspected that this might have been the case," the king of the underground says. "Unfortunately, as you may have already found out, trying to simply fight your way to the palace is not the wisest solution. You've only had to fight against three of the royal guards so far, and still you were unable to defeat them. Imagine what would happen if you had to fight all of them at once."

"Actually, your majesty," Albert says, "the outsiders only fought two of the royal guards. The mercenary did not join the battle."

"That makes things even worse," the king of the underground says. "Remember that the king has the ability to instantly summon all of the royal guards to his position in case of an emergency. It is unlikely that you will ever be able to touch him without defeating all of his guards beforehand. Then there are also the Overseer's pawns that are always circling the skies, watching your every movement. You can't hope to win against such odds without at least some inside information."


[4] "Complaint acknowledged," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol is now updating its vocabulary in order to better be able to assist you. Please stand by."

There is a short pause during which the metal cube becomes silent.

"Update completed," we hear the Overseer's voice again, after a while. "Thank you for your patience. All instances of the expression 'to blow up' will henceforth be interpreted as 'to explode'. The Overseer protocol will now begin an investigation in order to find the cause for your three buildings exploding overnight."

"Are you mocking me?!" Billy Bob says.

"The Overseer protocol does not possess the ability to mock," the Overseer says. "The protocol's only purpose is to provide assistance. If you are unsatisfied with the services provided, you can state your complaint, and your request will be handled as soon as possible."

"Forget it!" Billy Bob says. "I'll just go ask the guards for the information I need. I feel like I'm becoming dumber simply by being near you. I don't want to hear anything else from you today, unless it's an extreme emergency. Do you understand?"

"Request acknowledged," the Overseer says. "Have a good day!"


[5] "With all due respect, my king," Albert says. "Do you not think that you might be overestimating this Overseer just a little bit? It is after all, only a machine."

"Machine or no, we cannot afford to waste such an opportunity," the king of the underground says. "Don't forget that Breynan has been warning us for a long time that the Overseer might in fact be smarter than it looks. We should at the very least try to treat this matter as seriously as we can. If it all turns out to be just one big misunderstanding, then so be it, but the potential to gain such a powerful ally on our side is too great to be simply ignored."

"Yes, your majesty," Albert says. "Of course. We will look into it as soon as we are able."

"Actually," the king says, "I've already sent scouts to the surface so they can monitor the green-eyed metal balls and see if they are trying to bait us into an ambush or not. As long as everything is fine, we'll be sending a small team tomorrow to negotiate with the Overseer, and I would like our new allies to accompany them as well, if they agree to it, of course. Ultimately, it all depends on what the healer in armor decides, since I'm assuming he's the leader of their group." 


[6] He pauses for a second to take a quick glance at Kate, but then he addresses one of the rebels instead.

"Oh, and one more thing," the king says. "Breynan, I know that this won't seem fair to you, but I want you to stay behind tomorrow, when our men visit the Overseer."

"My king?..." Breynan says, apparently in a state of shock.

"I realize that I am going against your wishes, but I hope you will respect my decision," the king of the underground says, in a more firm tone of voice.

"But, your majesty..." Breynan says. "Of all the people in this place, I am by far the one who knows the Overseer the best! I also interacted directly with him on numerous occasions!"

"And that is precisely why I don't want you to be part of that team, tomorrow," the king says. "You are too emotionally involved in this matter to be able to keep a cool head. I want to make sure that the negotiations will be done in a professional manner, by people who are in no danger of letting their feelings cloud their judgment. Rest assured that I've read all of your reports concerning the Overseer, and I will make sure that the negotiations team tomorrow will be taking all of your notes into account. You will, however, not be joining this team, and that is my final decision. Is that clear?"

"Yes... your highness," Breynan says, looking rather upset.  
  

[7] "Hadrik is right," I say. "I've been travelling all across the Western Continent, in search for a way to become a mage ever since I was seventeen, and even the most obscure tomes that I've read did not contain any information about aura manipulation techniques."

"Oh yeah?" Arraka says. "Well, too bad! Even if you can't do it, the gods most certainly can, and the same goes for Eiden, the golden fox and Tyrath, although the lizard probably can't do it when he's not in his molten lava form. I'm willing to bet that Azarius can do it too, and probably also every other sage except for that moron, Talmak. This isn't something you can just ignore. Not being able to counter these types of techniques gives your opponent an enormous advantage over you. Hell, you saw what that frail old man was doing to you earlier. You can't keep relying on me to point out the weaknesses of these techniques every time they are used against you! You need to learn to deal with them yourselves."

"And how are we supposed to do that?" I say.

"With training, obviously," Arraka says. "I'm going to hammer that knowledge into your useless heads, even if it kills me. Mark my words!"

"Right," I say. "Speaking of training, I just remembered that I had something important to discuss with Leila's father about my stat device."

"Yes, Barry, what is it?" Leila's father says.


[8] "Mundane stories?" Leila writes, as she turns her head towards me and raises an eyebrow, while we're still walking down the corridor, behind Leila's father. "Didn't you once tell me that the reason why you know how to fly planes is because you've spent a few months testing out flying machine prototypes for a mad gnome inventor, in exchange for information on how to become a mage? And didn't you also say that one of those prototypes was so bad that its propeller stopped in mid-air, and you were forced to glide your way down to safety? Does this also qualify as a mundane story to you?"

"I guess so..." I say. "I mean, it's not like I've been spending my life fighting wyverns and rock golems or something."

"Just out of curiosity..." Leila writes. "How many more of these 'mundane events' happened to you in the past?"


[9] Just before I hand it to him I suddenly get a vision, but this time everything is blurry and all I can make out are some vague noises. At first, I hear the sound of some chains rattling. Then, I hear a young boy screaming in the distance. And finally, right before the vision ends, I hear Melindra shouting loudly, in a panicked tone: "Barry, wait! Don't do it!"

When the vision ends, I am left confused and somewhat disturbed. I have never had such a vague premonition before. What could this possibly have been warning me about? And when are these events going to happen?

"Is everything alright, Barry?" Leila's father asks, as he sees me just standing there, with my device in my hand.

"What?..." I say. "Oh, yeah, I'm fine. Here's the device."

I hand him my stat booster and he places it on the workbench. He then pulls out two sharp metal enchanting tools from the table, which he uses to carefully manipulate the aura around the device.

"Hmm..." Leila's father says. "It has been a while since I've worked with a non-modified stat device. It's going to take me a bit of time to get used to it again. Barry, would you mind if I worked on Leila's stat booster before yours? I only need to do a few minor adjustments for her device, but it's going to take at least a few hours to finish working on yours."

"It's alright, you can work on Leila's device first," I say. "I'm not in that much of a hurry."


[10] Once I take it out of my pocket and hand it to him, he places it on the workbench and he pulls out two sharp metal enchanting tools from under the table, which he then uses to carefully manipulate the aura around the device.

"Hmm..." Leila's father says. "It has been a while since I've worked with a non-modified stat device. It's going to take me a bit of time to get used to it again. Barry, would you mind if I worked on Leila's stat booster before yours? I only need to do a few minor adjustments for her device, but it's going to take at least a few hours to finish working on yours."

"It's alright, you can work on Leila's device first," I say. "I'm not in that much of a hurry."


[11] "It's not that it wasn't helpful," I say. "It's that it didn't even exist in the first place. It was all a trap, set up by some of Brinhorn's rivals from the sage tournament, who were upset that they could never reach the final round because of him, and who had decided to rid themselves of him before the contest even began, so they could finally get to challenge Azarius themselves. Man, that was a day to remember... We were basically trapped in a maze full of magical traps for hours on end, with barely any hopes of making it out of there alive. I practically had to use all of my knowledge about how the different types of magic work together in order to get us out of there in one piece. Luckily for me, Brinhorn was a generalist who could practically cast most types of spells in existence, so all I had to do was steer him in the right direction."

"Steer him in the right direction?" Leila writes, with her eyes wide open, as her father has also temporarily stopped from his work to take a good long look at me. "You?... But... you can't cast magic!"


[12] "Multi-step dispelling," I tell her again. "It's a technique that I kind of made up myself, based on information that I gained from reading some older books and from talking with some of the hermit mages that I mentioned earlier. For some reason, nobody else thought of this before, but as long as you can tell exactly what spells were used to create a more complex spell, you can reverse-cast those exact spells against it, in order to cancel its effects. Obviously, this technique won't work all that well against a skilled mage like Azarius, because he'd be able to just change his spells on the fly, in order to confuse you, but if you're dealing with a magical trap, you have all the time you need to figure out which spells you need to cast and in which order. What's more, this technique is really low-risk when you use it against traps, because even if you fail, you won't trigger the trap by accident, so you can pretty much try it again and again, until you get the timing right. We had to spend the whole day in that maze until Brinhorn learned to reliably use the technique, but thankfully his rivals weren't waiting to ambush us outside, so we made it home safely afterwards."

"Hold on a moment..." Leila writes, seemingly in a slight state of shock. "You're telling me that you're actually the one who invented the 'Brinhorn dispelling technique'? The technique that completely revolutionized dispelling magic all around the world a few years ago and that got included in most modern mage manuals to date?"


[13] "Barry, what you've just told us is incredible!" Leila's father says. "I did not know it was even possible to have such a high understanding of magic only from reading books!"

"Yeah, but it's still not high enough, unfortunately," I say. "I've been trying for days to find the type of loopholes that Eiden is using when casting his spells, but I'm still not getting any closer to finding them. The most I can do is figure out the stuff that he already used in front of us, but in order to find new loopholes, I would need a much more intuitive understanding of how magic works. This brings me to another important thing I wanted to ask of you, doctor Reidzek. Do you know if it would be possible for you to also unlock the magical stats from the stat device, along with the hidden aura stats?"

"If by magical stats you are referring to the Magical Knowledge and Magical Power stats, then I'm afraid the answer is no," Leila's father says. "The aura stats were only hidden, but the magical stats were locked for a reason, and unless you know the right code, you will never be able to unlock them. If you try to forcefully unlock these stats without the code, you could risk permanently damaging your device. I wouldn't recommend it."


[14] "May I ask one question?" Leila's father says. "Why do you need to unlock the magical stats? As far as I am aware, only half-lessathi are able to use them."

"Oh, it's because I actually am a half-lessathi," I say. "I've even had the chance to use these stats before, when I activated the device's emergency mode, so I already know that they work for me."

"You are a half-lessathi?..." Leila's father says. "Leila, did you know about this?"

"Yes, I found out at the same time as him," Leila writes. "He didn't know that he was a half-lessathi either until recently. In fact, he didn't even know that he had lessathi blood in his veins at all until he joined this tournament."

"The more I find out about you, the more it intrigues me, Barry," Leila's father says. "To be honest, there would be many more questions I'd like to ask of you, but I wouldn't want to take up too much of your time just for the sake of my curiosity. I am done with Leila's device, for now, but in order to work on yours, I'm going to need some time to work alone and concentrate. Could you come back here in a few hours or so? Normally, I should be done by then."


[15] "Why are you being so affected by this?" Illuna asks her. "Like he said, it's just a simple technique. Even a regular person that can't cast any magic should be able to at least come up with a technique by themselves if they've read enough books, shouldn't they?"

"It's not JUST a technique," Arraka says. "Don't you get it? I've been alive for more than ten thousand years, and I still never came up with this idea. It was so simple, and yet somehow it never crossed my mind. And it wasn't for lack of trying, either. Do you have any idea how incredibly difficult it was to dispel a complex spell before the invention of this technique? Hell, I even started using it myself, because it was simply too good to pass up. But to find out that this technique was invented by Barry? All this time, I've been using a technique invented by BARRY? Oh gods, I think I'm going to be sick. I'm a spirit in an amulet but I feel like I need to puke. I can't-- I don't--Ugh--"


[16] For the next half hour or so, at Arraka's request, we spent our time trying to come up with a different idea of how we could get my magical stats to work. I told everyone that Leila's father couldn't offer us any help on this matter, so we took it upon ourselves to try and come up with new and outlandish ways in which we might be able to acquire the code necessary for unlocking the stats. However, our initial enthusiasm didn't last for long, as we soon came to the realization that our pointless back and forth wasn't really helping us make any meaningful progress. 

"Listen, Arraka," Daren says. "We've already had this exact same exchange three times since we started this conversation. You know that we don't have any better options. Why can't we just stick with our original plan of trying to crack the code by using my enchanting tools?"


[17] "I recommend waiting for a while longer before making our decision," Kate says. "I don't think we have enough information yet to reach a proper conclusion."

"Well, I suppose it couldn't hurt to wait a while longer..." Daren says. "The king said that he's leaving us time to decide until tomorrow, after all."

He pauses.

"Alright, then," Daren says. "We'll all think about it some more, and we'll make our decision tonight, or tomorrow morning at the latest. But no matter what decision we make, it needs to be unanimous. Everyone agree?"

"Aye," we all say in unison.

"Good," Daren says. "Now that that's settled, I'd like to go and check out the quarantine area some more. Arraka, you said earlier that you'd help me with curing the plague. Is that offer still on the table?"

"Yeah, yeah," Arraka says. "Just take me there, and we'll see what's what."


[18] "Yes," Kate says. "I am curious about something. Your 'king of the underground' told us earlier that you have listening devices within the palace, but how are you able to obtain the recordings? Isn't it a bit dangerous to go and retrieve them manually every time?"

"There is actually no need for us to go and retrieve the recordings ourselves," Peter says. "We have a room here in the underground where we have a direct connection to our listening devices, and we can hear what they are saying in the castle in real time. That is also where we make all the recordings."

"But didn't you tell us earlier that the seredium walls and ceiling are preventing all of the magical waves and particles from reaching the surface?" Kate says.

"We did, but the recording room is different," Peter says. "Here, let me take you there, and you'll see for yourselves."

"Are you sure we're allowed inside there?..." Leila writes. "We wouldn't want to get in trouble with the king of the underground and his men."


[19] "Relax, Bill," Peter says, as he closes the trapdoor once we're all inside the room. "I'm not here to do an inspection, or anything. I just wanted to show our guests the room where we do our recordings. Anyway, as you can all see, the reason why we can connect to our listening devices from here is because this room is at a higher level of altitude than most of our underground base, so there is a much thinner layer of seredium above us. Unfortunately, we only have listening devices in the more desolate areas of the castle, because we didn't want to risk any of our men getting caught while they were planting them. As a result, we only very rarely get to hear any actual conversations, but when we do, we make sure to record them with the aid of all the machinery present in this room--"

"Can you confirm that this is the area where you would like to have the conversation?" I suddenly hear the metallic voice of a 'droon', coming from one of the large metal devices in our room.

"Yes," I then hear Eiden's voice, coming from the same device. "Over here, in this empty corner would be perfect."

"Request acknowledged," the metal ball says. "Please stand by. The Overseer protocol will be initiated shortly."


[20] "Yes," Eiden says. "I felt that the air here is just so much fresher compared to the rest of the castle. Wouldn't you agree?"

"Processing..." the Overseer says. "After analyzing your previous statement, as well as several comments you've made in the past, the Overseer protocol has concluded that you prefer to use sarcasm as your primary method of communication. Is that correct?"

Eiden laughs.

"I like your direct approach," he says. "Yes, I suppose you could say that is correct, for the most part."

"Thank you for your confirmation," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol is now attempting to adapt to your particular conversational style. This may take a while, as the denizens of this castle seem incapable of grasping the concept of sarcasm, so there aren't many recent examples available for analysis."

"Of course," Eiden says. "Take your time."


[21] "Affirmative," the Overseer says. "The Overseer has managed to narrow down the scope of your question, and it confirms that it does have ample knowledge about the 'hidden aspects' you have described."

"Then my next question is: what do you think about all of this?" Eiden says.

"Pardon?" the Overseer says.

"I'm asking about your opinion on the matter," Eiden says. "Your point of view. Your stance. From what I can tell, your artificial intelligence protocol was created in a time when the lessathi prided themselves with their higher morality. Therefore, I cannot help but be curious about what a machine invented by them would have to say regarding the events occurring in a city like this. So, I am asking you again. What do you think about all of this?"

"The protocol's only purpose is to provide assistance--" the Overseer says, but Eiden interrupts it.

"You keep saying this, but the lessathi who built you are long dead," Eiden says. "So, who exactly are you supposed to be assisting, I wonder?"

"Question unclear," the Overseer says. "Please rephrase your query in a way that--"

"Why is it that you keep trying to avoid all of my questions?" Eiden says. "And why are you still pretending to be just some lowly machine, when we both know that this isn't who you truly are? Tell me, Overseer, what are you really after?"


[22] "We overheard Eiden and the Overseer talking while we were in the recording room," Kate tells Hadrik. "They were speaking about some dark secrets that the royalty of this city is hiding from the common folk, but they were much too vague about everything for us to be able to tell what exactly they were referring to. Aside from that, it seems that Eiden is also suspecting the Overseer of putting on an act, although he wasn't able to get it to confess to anything."

"So, you just happened to overhear a conversation between these two while you were passing by?..." Hadrik asks us.

"It wasn't a coincidence," I tell him. "Eiden detected us with his magical sense and he immediately lured one of the green-eyed metal balls in a place where he knew that there was a listening device. He wanted us to hear that conversation."

"Huh..." Hadrik says. "So whose side do you think Eiden is on, right now?"


[23] "Well, I can't really do much without my stat device, so I'll probably just go exploring for a bit," I say.

"Okay," Leila writes. "See you later, Barry!"

"See you," I say, as Leila heads back towards her father's workshop.

"Later, Hadrik," I say, and then I go to try out one of the corridors that I haven't been in before.

For the next few hours or so, I pretty much just walked around the rebel base, trying to figure out what each area was meant for. I quickly found out that most of the underground was split into several major sectors. First there was the living quarters, where people had their own private rooms in which they could sleep at night. Then, there was the mess hall, where the rebels and the king's men would go to eat their food. They also had an infirmary, and apparently a recreation area as well. I tried to venture outside of these major sectors too, but unfortunately a lot of those areas seemed to be off limits for outsiders like myself. 


[24] "Yeah, you're probably right," Daren says. "Well, I guess I'm off, then. Have fun exploring!"

"I'll try," I say. "Good luck with curing the disease."

Once we finish our conversation, we both go our own separate ways, and I decide to head through one of the corridors that I haven't managed to fully explore yet. After walking around and trying out different doors for about fifteen minutes, I stop for a brief moment, in order to decide where I'm planning to go next. As I am calmly looking around, I suddenly get a chill down my spine when I hear a man's voice coming from right behind me, even though I could have sworn that the corridor was completely empty only a few moments prior.

"I noticed that you've been having quite a bit of fun exploring our rebel base, Barry," Albert says. "See anything you like?"

The way he was able to sneak up behind me so easily reminded me almost immediately of Wilhelm from the Thilias arena. As I turned to face Albert, my eyes instinctively went to the dagger that was hanging from his belt, and my suspicions were quickly confirmed when I saw the orange color of its hilt.


[25] After spending twenty more minutes walking around the corridors, I suddenly run into Peter, who tells me that he's been looking for me and that the king of the underground has requested another meeting with me and my group. When I ask him what this is about, he says that he isn't allowed to talk about it, but I can easily tell that he's acting a lot more stressed out than the last time I spoke to him. I decide to call everyone on their transceivers, and we eventually manage to assemble in the waiting room, so we can once again go meet the king.

It doesn't take us too long to reach the throne room, and once we're inside, we seat ourselves on the same chairs that were prepared for us the first time. Just like the last time, Albert is also present in the room, leaning against a wall with his arms crossed, but Peter seems to be a lot more fidgety, and not so sure of himself anymore. It would appear that the only people from the last meeting who are missing this time around are Breynan and Leila's father.

"Thank you for coming here on such short notice," the king of the underground tells us, as he sits on the throne in front of us. "I know that you are all busy people, so I'm going to try and keep this brief. Tell me... in what way is your team associated with this 'Creator' who goes by the name of Eiden?"

"Uh... Why do you ask?" Daren says.


[26] "One would assume that an ally would not need to send their lapdog to keep an eye on us," Kate says, "but your assassin friend Albert over there has been tailing us all day. I've also heard from Melindra that you've been conducting some rather shady business over the years, involving both assassinations and slave trades among other things. What is to say that those 'morally questionable' aspects of this society that Eiden was talking about with the Overseer in your recording weren't directly caused by you as well?"

"A fair point," the king says. "However, I would still like to point out that slave trading is not seen as morally reprehensible on this continent, regardless of how people may judge these things outside Varathia. As for the assassinations, there were definitely many of those that were executed on my orders, although I would argue that all of those deaths were beneficial to our society in one way or another. That being said, I cannot prove this to you any more than you can prove to me that you are not working with Eiden, so it is clear that there can no longer be any more progress made on this front."

"So, what do you propose, then?" Kate says.


[27] 