
[1] 

[2] "So, what do you propose, then?" Melindra says.

"We propose that you follow one of our plans, instead," the king says. "Recently, our listening devices from the palace picked up an interesting conversation that I think you might want to hear. Albert, do you still have the recording from yesterday?"

"Yes, your majesty," Albert says, as he approaches the king and then hands him a small metal cube-shaped device with several buttons on it.

The king picks up the device and then presses on one of the buttons. Immediately afterwards, we begin to hear two voices coming from the cube, although we can't really make out what they are saying just yet.

"This is a conversation between Billy Bob and the Overseer," the king says. "The Overseer is the one with the more metallic-sounding voice, in case you couldn't tell. Please tell me what you think of this discussion, once you're done listening to it."


[3] "Hmph..." Billy Bob says, and then we hear him walking away from the Overseer.

"Well, that was... something," Hadrik says.

"It's not over, yet," the king says. "Listen."

After about ten seconds of silence, we hear the faint sound of a door being closed, coming from the recording device, and then we hear the voice of the Overseer one last time.

"The Overseer protocol's only purpose is to provide assistance," the Overseer says again. "If you are in need of any more help, feel free to activate the protocol by asking any of the green-eyed units to put you in contact with the Overseer. Have a good day!"

The metal cube then becomes silent again, but this time it looks like the recording has actually ended.

"I don't get it," Hadrik says. "Why did you make us listen to this recording? What information does it give us that we didn't already know?"


[4] "Umm, actually, neither of us is the leader," Daren says. "We usually like to discuss these types of matters between ourselves, before we make important decisions."

"I understand," the king says. "In that case, I will give you some time to reach a conclusion, and you can give us your answer tomorrow. Would that be alright with you?"

"Of course," Daren says. "We will tell you tomorrow what we've decided."

"Very well," the king says. "Then we'll discuss the rest of the details once you've decided whether you want to join us or not. Until then, please make yourselves at home. Peter will show you to your rooms as soon as we'll have them ready for you. But where are my manners? I shouldn't be the one doing all the talking. I'm sure that you all have questions to ask of me as well. If there's anything on your mind, please don't hesitate to ask, and I will answer you to the best of my ability."


[5] "Good," the king of the underground says. "I will be seeing each of you later, then. I trust that you can all make your way back to the waiting room, yes?"

"We'll handle ourselves," Daren says. "Come on, let's go."

He then limps ahead of us and we all follow him, except for Albert, who seems to still have something that he wants to discuss in private with the king. As we make our way back into the waiting room, we all place ourselves near the chairs from the exit that leads towards the teleporter, waiting patiently for the healers to arrive. In the meantime, Peter went to get our rooms ready, while Breynan also went on his own way, without even saying goodbye to us, still looking pretty affected by what the king of the underground had said to him.

"I guess that Kelrim went back to the quarantine area," Daren says, after he takes a quick look around and sees that the goblin is nowhere to be found.

"Oh yeah..." Hadrik says. "I almost forgot about the goblin. It's going to be a little hard to face him from now on, considering what we did to his friends..."

"At least you didn't actually kill any of them yourself," Daren says. "When I realized that the goblin I killed was one of Kelrim's friends, I felt like the lowest of scum. I never thought I'd ever feel that way about killing a monster..."

Kate isn't saying anything, but she's looking away from us. She seems to be more in control of her emotions this time around, even though she's definitely still troubled about this whole situation.


[6] "Good," the king of the underground says. "I will be seeing each of you later, then. I trust that you can all make your way back to the waiting room, yes?"

"We'll handle ourselves," Daren says. "Come on, let's go."

He then limps ahead of us and we all follow him, except for Albert, who seems to still have something that he wants to discuss in private with the king. As we make our way back into the waiting room, we all place ourselves near the chairs from the exit that leads towards the teleporter, waiting patiently for the healers to arrive. In the meantime, Peter went to get our rooms ready, while Breynan also went on his own way, without even saying goodbye to us, still looking pretty affected by what the king of the underground had said to him.

"I guess that Kelrim went back to the quarantine area," Daren says, after he takes a quick look around and sees that the goblin is nowhere to be found.

"Either that, or he went to look for his friends," Hadrik says.

"Yeah, I guess that might actually be more likely, if I think about it," Daren says.

"Forget about the damn goblin!" Arraka says. "We have far more pressing issues to concern ourselves with!"


[7] "Well, first of all, I was wondering if you could help me unlock my device," I say. "We got it locked by accident yesterday, while we were trying to unlock the hidden aura stats."

"Oh!" Leila's father says. "The aura stats lock! That brings back memories. It also happened to me once, when I first began tinkering with Leila's stat device in order to make it translate her thoughts into words. To answer your question, yes, I can unlock it easily."

"Wow, that's great!" I say. "Will the secret stats get unlocked too, after you do it?"

"Not exactly," Leila's father says. "But it shouldn't be that hard to unlock them manually, once I'm done fixing your device. I would have made these stats available on Leila's device as well, but I had to sort of permanently deactivate them on her stat booster, in order to get her magical writing feature to work properly."

"So, can we do it now?..." I say.

"Right now?" Leila's father says. "I suppose it wouldn't be a problem. I should probably be doing some maintenance for Leila's device too, now that I think about it. It's been far too long since I last had a good look at it. Let us go to my workshop, and we'll see what we can do."

"Alright," I say, and then I turn to the others. "I'll see you all around in a bit!"


[8] "Well, I was wondering if you could help me unlock the hidden aura stats from my device," I say.

"You mean the Aura Hardening, Bluff and Magical Sense stats?" Leila's father says. "Of course! It shouldn't be that hard to do. Frankly, I probably would have made those stats available on Leila's device as well, if I hadn't needed to deactivate them in order to get her magical writing feature to work properly."

"So, can we do it now?..." I say.

"Right now?" Leila's father says. "I suppose it wouldn't be a problem. I should probably be doing some maintenance for Leila's device too, now that I think about it. It's been far too long since I last had a good look at it. Let us go to my workshop, and we'll see what we can do."

"Alright," I say, and then I turn to the others. "I'll see you all around in a bit!"


[9] "Well, let's see..." I say. "I've been doing a lot of odd jobs along the years in order to pay for my food and travels, so I guess I could start with those. For example, there was this one time when I went to some ruins with an archaeology professor and we almost got buried alive when we accidentally triggered one of the traps. And I've also worked as an apprentice to quite a few mages, who were all very surprised at my ridiculously advanced knowledge of theoretical magic gained from my years of relentless study, and they wanted me to help them develop new spells. I think I've lost count of how many of those experimental spells ended up exploding in my face. Then there was that time when I was accompanying a relic hunter into an old cave, and we somehow ended up getting chased by a group of goblins. Man, that was a close one. To this day, I'm still not sure how we were able to make it out of there in one piece."

Leila giggles silently.

"I can't believe that you were actually claiming to have been an 'everyday ordinary guy' before coming to Varathia," she writes. "How is what you've described to me just now supposed to be anything close to 'ordinary'?"

"It's not?" I ask her, surprised. "But why wouldn't it be? I mean sure, all this stuff may sound dangerous when I talk about it, but I'm certain that even the most ordinary of people would be open to taking a few risks like these, if it meant getting one step closer to achieving their lifelong dreams."

"No, Barry, I think that's just you," Leila writes, with a smile. "But thank you for telling me all of this. I think I'm starting to understand you a little better, now."


[10] "Splendid!" Leila's father says, as he sets my device aside. "Leila, can you hand me your device, please?"

As soon as Leila gives her stat booster to her father, he puts it on the table and begins working on it with the same enchanting tools that he was using before. For about twenty seconds or so, both Leila and I watch doctor Reidzek in complete silence, as he continues to move his tools very carefully above the device's surface.

"There's no need for you to be so quiet, you know," Leila's father says, as he slightly raises his head to look at us. "I can concentrate even if you two are having a little chat in the meantime."

"Oh," Leila writes. "Well, in that case, I suppose I wouldn't mind hearing a little more about Barry's life before the tournament. Tell us more about your adventures, Barry!"

"I told you, there isn't really anything all that interesting to talk about..." I say.

"I think you're only saying this because you've been reading too many mage stories," Leila writes. "By most people's standards, even the fact of getting out of your own hometown and exploring the world is an adventure in itself. Here, let me help you. Why don't you tell us more about those mages to whom you've served as an apprentice? There has to be at least one interesting story you could tell us from the time when you were working for them, right?"


[11] "Of course I can't cast magic," I say. "But that didn't stop me from reading thousands of obscure books about all the ways in which the different types of magic work individually, and how they interact with each other. Hell, some of those books that I read were never even published. They were written by random mage hermits that nobody would take seriously, and who were so happy that someone was finally willing to listen to their theories that they let me read their whole manuscripts for free, just so they could have a lengthy talk with me about their writing afterwards. My notebook is filled with this type of knowledge that I've amassed during my travels. None of it managed to help me in any way to become a mage, though."

"Huh..." Leila writes. "So, you were about to tell us how you escaped from the maze?..."


[12] "Yeah, well, I didn't mind all that much that Brinhorn took the credit, really," I say. "It wasn't really that complicated of a concept to begin with. You just need to do everything in reverse. The incantation, the movements, the manipulation of the aura flow... I mean it's not like the idea itself is all that revolutionary. The really difficult part is in the execution. You have no idea how many tries it took Brinhorn until he could finally get the timing and the motions right. And even if we theoretically knew how the technique worked, it still took hours of me and Brinhorn racking our brains together, trying to figure out the multitude of spells that had been used to set up some of those magical traps."

"Yes, but still..." Leila writes. "Did it seriously not cross Brinhorn's mind that he should at least credit you for your own technique?..."


[13] "Of course," Leila writes, as she picks up her stat device from the workbench. "In that case, we'll leave you to your work. Come on, Barry, let's go back to the waiting room, for now."

Leila and I both say goodbye to doctor Reidzek, and then we head back towards our friends, through the same corridor that we used to come here. 

On our way back we run into Peter and also into a few other people that we don't recognize, who were using the same corridor to arrive in different areas from the underground rebel base, and while we're walking, Leila takes the opportunity to ask me a few more questions about my past. After walking for a few minutes, we finally make it back to the waiting room, where we see that Daren and Hadrik have already been healed, and that they were now waiting for us to return.


[14] Suddenly, Arraka starts making puking noises, even though it's obvious that she can't actually vomit in her incorporeal form. The others are still looking a bit confused, not knowing exactly how to react, except for Daren, who is looking rather impressed.

"Well, I'll be damned!" Daren says, with a grin. "The Brinhorn technique is actually what I used as a reference when I created most of the newer dispelling enchantments that are on my sword. But to think that Barry would be the one who I got the idea from... Come over here, you sly bastard!"

He then comes closer to me and puts his right arm around my neck, while he closes his left hand into a fist, in order to rub his knuckles against the top of my head a few times, essentially giving me a noogie.

"What else have you been hiding from us, huh?" Daren says, still grinning, as he is giving me the noogie. "Are we going to eventually find out that you used to be Azarius' mentor? Come on... Spit it out!"

"Hey, knock it off!" I say, as I pull myself away from him. "Listen, I didn't really think it was anything worth mentioning. It happened a few years ago, and I never really pursued a career in magical research after that, or anything. It's just an idea that I came up with on a whim, because Brinhorn and I needed to get out of a maze filled with magical traps. There's no reason to be making such a big deal out of it."


[15] "Because it's going to take too long!" Arraka says. "The next trial could be coming any day, for all we know. We can't afford to waste all our time just unlocking some stats. We need to find a better and more effective way of cracking that code. That's why I've been busting my chops, trying to come up with an alternative plan for the past half of an hour!"

"But we've already been over this a hundred times," Daren says. "There is no other way. Can we not just focus on something we are actually able to do, instead of repeatedly trying to accomplish the impossible?"

"If that's the way you're going to think, then don't act surprised when that magic-less loser over there will shoot right past you and leave you in the dust," Arraka says. "If there's one thing we can learn from that moron, it's that even the impossible can be achieved, if the amount of determination you have is high enough to be bordering on insanity."

"I never thought I'd see the day when Arraka would give Barry an honest compliment," Hadrik says. "Barry, it looks like you're moving up in the world!"


[16] "Here she is," Illuna says, as she hands Daren the amulet. "Remember to always keep an eye on her. If you don't pay attention, she'll try to free herself from her amulet in no time."

"I'll be careful," Daren says. "But it still should take her a few hours to make an explosion from inside there, right?"

"Normally yes, but she might have other tricks up her sleeve that we don't know about," Illuna says. "Just make sure to keep an open mind."

"Right," Daren says.

"Tsk, tsk, tsk," Arraka says, as Daren is holding her by the chain, while heading towards the quarantine zone. "Is that how little you trust me, Illuna? I thought I raised you better than this!"

"I'll see you all later," Daren tells us from a distance, while Illuna completely ignores Arraka. "Make sure to call me on the transceiver if anything important comes up!"

"Aye, we will!" Hadrik says. "Good luck!"


[17] "Well, I know that I may not look like much, but I still have a little authority around here," Peter says. "I am in fact one of the three founding members of the original resistance movement, together with Albert and Breynan. Even if we're mostly just following the king's orders nowadays, I still like to believe that we have a little bit of independence left. So you don't need to worry about getting in trouble with the king's men. If anything happens, I'll take full responsibility. And besides, we very rarely get to actually hear any of the conversations inside the palace, due to the relatively poor placement of our listening devices, so it's not like there are any real chances of you accidentally overhearing anything important while you're there."

"Well, in that case, lead the way, I suppose..." I say.

"The recording room is not very far from the room we are currently in," Peter says. "Follow me."

As we all go after Peter, I notice that Hadrik has remained behind, on one of the chairs from the waiting room.

"Hadrik, are you coming?" I ask him.


[18] "Requesting clarification," the Overseer says, after about five seconds of silence. "When referring directly to the king of Ollendor, you seem to have often used the syntagm 'oh great and wise king'. Judging by the subtle inflexions in your tone while using this expression, it would appear that you have always used it in a sarcastic manner, although the king has never noticed this in the past. Is that correct?"

"And what would you do with this information, if I were to disclose it to you?" Eiden says.

"The Overseer protocol assures you that this information will be used only for the purpose of the analysis, and that it will remain completely confidential," the Overseer says. "There is no need to worry about any leaks."

"Oh?" Eiden says. "Should I take it, then, that the conversation we are having right now will also remain confidential?"

"The Overseer protocol will never disclose a private conversation to any outside parties," the Overseer says. "The protocol's only purpose is to provide assistance. However, it should be stated that the Overseer protocol cannot control the flow of information that may result from anyone who might be listening in on this conversation at this very moment."

"That is not a problem," Eiden says. "Also, the answer to your initial question would be 'yes'."


[19] "It appears that the Overseer protocol has not been able to properly assist you," the metallic voice says, this time in the more impersonal tone that it was using before activating the Overseer protocol. "Unfortunately, this protocol is still experimental, and therefore may not always give you the exact guidance you require. Since this unit does not seem to be able to provide you with the information you requested, you are advised to contact one of the city guards instead, who will gladly help you with anything you might need. We apologize for the inconvenience. Have a good day!"

"So this is your answer, then..." Eiden says, in a somewhat disappointed tone, as we can hear the propeller of the metal ball getting further away from the listening device.

A few seconds later, we also hear the sound of some footsteps, getting more and more muffled, as Eiden walks away from the listening device as well. 


[20] "I don't think he's on anyone's side," I say. "Knowing him, he's either trying to test us, or he's trying to mess with our heads in some way. It may also be a combination of both. In either case, the last thing we should assume is that he's trying to help us."

"Yeah, that would probably be the safest way to interpret all of this," Hadrik says. "So, what are you guys planning to do now?"

"I'm assuming that we won't be going to the surface for the time being, so the best thing we can do is to continue with our training," Illuna says. "Flower and I still need to practice sharpening our magical elements, and the same goes for Kate. I believe you still have your training to do as well, if I'm not mistaken. You still haven't contacted the spirit from the magical plane that you are linked with, did you?"

"Oh right, right I almost forgot about that," Hadrik says. "Yeah, I guess I should be doing some training too."

"We should each try to find some tunnels that are empty enough for us to not be bothering anyone when we cast our spells," Illuna says. "Flower and I will go this way."


[21] As I walked around the rebel base, I got to encounter several people that I'd already met before, such as the little girl who had lost her parents, and the two guys that dragged the sick old man to the quarantine zone. At a certain point, I also ran into Flower and Illuna, who were busy doing their training. Before they spotted me, I noticed that they were having an argument again. Apparently, Flower is still trying to imitate Kate's voice and demeanor, thinking that this would somehow make her sound more mature, and Illuna is getting increasingly more irritated by her behavior. When they noticed me, they stopped their fighting in order to greet me, but I'm willing to bet that they got right back into it as soon as I was out of earshot.

While exploring the base, I had to go back to the waiting room several times, since it was situated right in the center of all the major sectors. At one point when I was in the waiting room, I ran into Daren and Arraka, who were apparently on their way to get some healing devices from the infirmary. When we saw each other, we stopped briefly so we could have a short chat about what we've been doing in the past few hours.


[22] "A fine dagger, isn't it?" Albert says, when he sees me looking at his blade. "You couldn't ask for a more perfect weapon as an assassin, honestly. If a regular person were to use it, then it would barely qualify as more than a kitchen knife, but we, assassins, are trained from a young age to make full use of its capabilities. The way it helps us focus when we are concealing our aura is simply extraordinary. Still, I couldn't help but get the feeling that this isn't the first time when you've been in a situation like this. Have you ever met an assassin up-close before, Barry?"

"Yes..." I say, as i try to calm down a little. "There was an assassin in my division, when I was fighting in the arena of Thilias. His name was Wilhelm."

"Wilhelm..." Albert says, with a thoughtful look in his eyes. "The name does sound familiar. I am quite sure that I've heard of an assassin who went by that name before, although I can't recall if I've ever had the honor to meet him. Were the two of you friends?"

"Not exactly," I say. "He tried to kill me."

"You were targeted by an assassin, and yet you somehow survived?" Albert says, intrigued. "How did you manage such a feat?" 


[23] "Oh, that's right, you were in the quarantine zone this whole time, so you don't know what happened..." the king says. "In short, I couldn't help but notice that this 'Eiden' has been going out of his way lately to provide your group with information related to the king of Ollendor and his clique. I noticed this for the first time earlier today, when my men reported that Eiden delayed the blessing ceremony for no particular reason, only to give the go-ahead shortly after your group arrived in the Perellion plaza. Since this was one of the few places where the screening of the ceremony was scheduled to take place, it made me a little suspicious. However, the confirmation came a few hours ago, when I received word that your friends happened to be in our recording room exactly when Eiden was having a conversation with the Overseer, and Eiden more or less admitted that he lured the metal ball there on purpose because he knew that one of our listening devices was planted nearby. So, now I ask you again... What exactly is your affiliation with Eiden?"


[24] "My proposition is simple," the king says, with a smile. "Instead of an alliance based on trust, we should try to form one based on necessity alone. What this means in practice is that both sides will be using each other as much as they can in order to fulfill their goals, but we will not abstain from backstabbing each other if it serves our interests. In other words, anything goes. Frankly, it seems to me that your group may have already been prepared for such a scenario. Isn't that the reason why you're all still carrying your backpacks with you, despite the fact that we've had a room prepared for you a good few hours ago?"

"I suppose you're not entirely wrong..." Daren says. "But how are we going to deal with the Overseer meeting in that case? Does your initial offer still stand?"

"My men will still be assembling tomorrow, so they can have a talk with the Overseer," the king says. "This has not changed. What you choose to do with this information, however, is entirely up to you."

"Right," Daren says. "Does this mean that the meeting is over, then? We can go back to what we were doing before?"

"Of course," the king says. "You can continue to roam free in these underground tunnels like before. I will even order Albert to stop trailing you, as a gesture of good faith. Oh, and Peter... next time when you get the idea to escort our guests to one of our restricted areas, be a good lad and inform me about it beforehand, will you?"

"Yes... your highness..." Peter says, in a resigned tone.

