
[1] 

[2] "For this fight, we are going to try something a little different," the announcer says. "The members of the fourth division will have to fight not two, not three, but four different types of our strongest creatures, and they'll have to kill them all if they want to advance to the next round. This change in our schedule was a personal request from our esteemed arena owner, mister Venard."

That bastard. Is this his way of telling me that in order to make it out of here alive, I'll need to outperform both Hadrik and Daren? You have got to be kidding me!

"Just make sure that you all follow my orders, and everything will be alright!" Bruce says.

"I knew it!" the ex-noble thug says. "I knew that you would start playing leader as soon as we'd get into the arena. I already told you, nobody is going to listen to you. So you can take your orders and shove them up your arse!"


[3] The lessathi does not wait for the tramplers to begin their charge, and he chooses to engage them in close quarters, in order to limit their mobility. The desert marauders are now also joining the battle, and it looks as if they're aiming to surround him. To make matters worse, the manticore decides to join the fight as well, and it dives down towards the lessathi, closing off his last remaining escape route.

"Get out of there!" Bruce shouts at him. "Get out now!"

The lessathi shows no sign of having heard Bruce. Instead, he waits for the last possible moment, when the marauders, the tramplers and the manticore are all within a few feet from his position, and he thrusts both his scythes fiercely into the ground. Almost immediately afterwards, we see a powerful electric shockwave cover the whole area around him, and the creatures that were about to attack him only a second ago, are now all dropping like flies, to the ground.

Electricity! So, that's what he was using! 

The crowds are definitely not liking what they just saw. Several spectators have started booing loudly, and more of them are beginning to join the chorus, as the booing sound is slowly intensifying.


[4] "You are not to interfere with this event any longer, do you understand?" the owner says, furiously. "I want you out of here, right this instant!"

"Are you sure?" the lessathi asks him, with a menacing tone.

"Get out!" the owner tells him.

"Very well," the lessathi says. "Then you will not be seeing me again. You should, however, expect to see some of my associates in the next few days. And when you do, you should be ready to face the consequences for your actions today."

The lessathi leaves without another word, and the arena owner goes back to his room shortly afterwards. The six of us then re-enter our division area, and the iron gate closes itself behind us. After taking a good look throughout the room, it would seem that Wilhelm is nowhere to be found.

"Where do you suppose Wilbert went?" Bruce says.

"Nobody cares," the ex-noble thug says. "There's plenty of time left until the next round. He'll probably come back until then."

"Uh..." the announcer says, all of a sudden. "It appears that we need to take a small break, in order to do a little inventory of our remaining creatures. Please remain patient! This shouldn't take long!"

"Hah!" Bruce says. "They're already running out of creatures. I bet they weren't expecting so many of them to be taken out in the first rounds!"


[5] The crowds burst into cheers. Actually, I think they've been cheering for a while, now. It's just that I've been too focused on the battle to notice. 

While we were dealing with the manticore, the tramplers have taken the opportunity to reposition themselves, and they are now getting ready to charge towards us at full speed. The cobras are heading our way as well. The scorpions seem to have given up on us, and they are heading towards the other members of our team.


[6] Bruce takes another spear off the wall, and he throws it at the manticore with all his might. The spear pierces the manticore's chest, and it kills the beast in mid-flight, sending it falling to the ground.

The crowds burst into cheers. Actually, I think they've been cheering for a while, now. It's just that I've been too focused on the battle to notice. 

While we were dealing with the manticore, the tramplers have taken the opportunity to reposition themselves, and they are now getting ready to charge towards us at full speed. The cobras are heading our way as well. The scorpions seem to have given up on us, and they are heading towards the other members of our team.


[7] I bait the cobra by standing in one place for two seconds, and then I jump out of the way, making the creature miss its shot and waste its acid. While the snake is busy gathering up more acid in its glands, I make a dash towards it, and I stab it in the head, killing it in one strike. 

I take a look to see if Bruce needs any help, but he seems to have handled himself just fine on his own. The other snake is already dead, with its severed head lying on the ground beside its body, and Bruce is now coming back towards me, holding his double handed sword by his side as he walks. Leila is also done with the tramplers, and she's now heading our way.

What about the marauders, then? 


[8] I bait the cobra by standing in one place for two seconds, and then I jump out of the way, making the creature miss its shot and waste its acid. While the snake is busy gathering up more acid in its glands, I make a dash towards it, and I stab it in the head, killing it in one strike. 

I take a look to see if Bruce needs any help, but he seems to have handled himself just fine on his own. The other snake is already dead, with its severed head lying on the ground beside its body, and Bruce is now coming back towards me, holding his double handed sword by his side as he walks. Leila is also done with the tramplers, and she's now heading our way. She appears to have killed the second manticore, as well.

What about the marauders, then? Last time I saw them, they were heading towards the other members of the team.


[9] "Let's go," I say.

We make our way towards the cobras, and we start throwing rocks at them, and making loud noises, in order to annoy them. Once we're certain that we've got their undivided attention, we begin to go back towards the marauders, making sure that we're moving at just the right speed so the cobras can follow us, but not catch up. When we reach the marauders, we turn our backs to them, and we stand in place for a few seconds, waiting for the cobras to attack.

Those few seconds feel almost like an eternity, but when the cobras finally spit their acid at us, we both jump out of the way at the same time, and the spray of acid hits the marauders head on. As the beasts squirm in pain, we finish them off quickly, by running our blades through their heads, and then, as I anticipated, the last remaining manticore makes a bold dive towards Leila, thinking that she's distracted. Leila feigns ignorance until the very last moment, and then she makes a powerful slash at the creature's chest, exactly when it reaches her. The manticore drops to the ground, and Leila finishes it off with one swift strike of her dagger. While the cobras are busy gathering more acid in their glands, the two of us distance ourselves from the snakes, in order to decide our next course of action.

Only the cobras and the tramplers are now left. The cobras seem to be getting ready for another round, while the tramplers appear to have found a good spot from where they can charge at us, and they're preparing to make a run for it.


[10] We make our way towards the cobras, and we start throwing rocks at them, and making loud noises, in order to annoy them. Once we're certain that we've got their undivided attention, we begin to go back towards the marauders, making sure that we're moving at just the right speed so the cobras can follow us, but not catch up. When we reach the marauders, we turn our backs to them, and we stand in place for a few seconds, waiting for the cobras to attack.

Those few seconds feel almost like an eternity, but when the cobras finally spit their acid at us, we all jump out of the way at the same time, and the spray of acid hits the marauders head on. As the beasts squirm in pain, we finish them off quickly, by running our blades through their heads, and then, as I anticipated, the last remaining manticore makes a bold dive towards Leila, thinking that she's distracted. Leila feigns ignorance until the very last moment, and then she makes a powerful slash at the creature's chest, exactly when it reaches her. The manticore drops to the ground, and Leila finishes it off with one swift strike of her dagger. While the cobras are busy gathering more acid in their glands, the three of us distance ourselves from the snakes, in order to decide our next course of action.

Only the cobras and the tramplers are now left. The cobras seem to be getting ready for another round, while the tramplers appear to have found a good spot from where they can charge at us, and they're preparing to make a run for it.


[11] I make a dash towards one of the tramplers, and I make sure to avoid its tail, before I step to its right side, and stab it in the neck with my knife. As the beast falls down, I waste no time, and I rush towards the other. The second trampler attempts to attack me with its horns, but I easily move out of the way, and I slit its throat with my blade, causing it to fall slowly to the ground as well, and die from the loss of blood.

Hey, that wasn't so hard! Let's see what Leila is doing.

It would seem that she didn't have much trouble on her end either. The cobras are both dead, and she is already heading in my direction. 

What about the marauders, then?


[12] I make a dash towards one of the tramplers, and I make sure to avoid its tail, before I step to its right side, and stab it in the neck with my knife. As the beast falls down, I waste no time, and I rush towards the other. The second trampler attempts to attack me with its horns, but I easily move out of the way, and I slit its throat with my blade, causing it to fall slowly to the ground as well, and die from the loss of blood.

Hey, that wasn't so hard! Let's see what Leila and Bruce are doing.

Apparently, they didn't have much trouble on their end either. The cobras are both dead, and they are already heading in my direction. 

What about the marauders, then?


[13] "That... doesn't sound like a bad idea, actually," the mage says.

"Yes," Wilhelm says. "And if we travel as a group, we'll increase our chances of survival."

"Then let's get going," Bruce says. "And remember to keep a look out for the manticores in the sky. There's no telling when they'll take a dive for us."

We all start moving towards the desert marauders in short sprints, stopping behind a monster carcass every time, in order to make sure that the tramplers don't begin charging towards us. As soon as we reach our targets, we position ourselves in a way that blocks us from the tramplers' line of sight, and we begin our attack.


[14] "That... doesn't sound like a bad idea, actually," the mage says.

"Yes," Wilhelm says. "And if we travel as a group, we'll increase our chances of survival."

"Then let's get going," Bruce says. "And remember to keep a look out for the manticores in the sky. There's no telling when they'll take a dive for us."

We all start moving towards the desert marauders in short sprints, stopping behind a monster carcass every time, in order to make sure that the tramplers don't begin charging towards us. While we are resting between sprints, I take the opportunity to give everyone a quick summary of the behaviors and weaknesses of desert marauders, so we can all be on the same page when we start fighting them. As soon as we reach our targets, we position ourselves in a way that blocks us from the tramplers' line of sight, and we begin our attack.


[15] "Never mind that!" I tell him. "Can you and your thug friend stand over here, and make some loud noises? I need someone to distract that marauder, so I can get behind it. The creature seems to have already taken a liking to you, so you'd make the perfect distraction!"

"Screw you and your distractions!" the thug says. "Do you take me for a fool?"

"If it's just a distraction, then I can handle it," the mage says. "Where do you want me to stand?"

"Over there would be perfect," I tell him, as I point him in the right direction.

The two thugs don't seem to want to be any part of my plan, so they're moving away from us, and joining the others. The mage gets into position, and he starts throwing rocks at the marauder, in order to make it come after him. As soon as he gets the desert marauder's attention, I walk behind the creature and quickly climb on its back.

I'm not exactly sure where this monster's weakness is, but I know that it should be somewhere on the upper side of its back, between two of its scales. I begin to stab the creature repeatedly between its scales, trying to find the weak spot by process of elimination. 


[16] "Never mind that!" I tell him. "Can you and your thug friend stand over here, and make some loud noises? I need someone to distract that marauder, so I can get behind it. The creature seems to have already taken a liking to you, so you'd make the perfect distraction!"

"Screw you and your distractions!" the thug says. "Do you take me for a fool?"

"If it's just a distraction, then I can handle it," the mage says. "Where do you want me to stand?"

"Over there would be perfect," I tell him, as I point him in the right direction.

The two thugs don't seem to want to be any part of my plan, so they're moving away from us, and joining the others. The mage gets into position, and he starts throwing rocks at the marauder, in order to make it come after him. As soon as he gets the desert marauder's attention, I walk behind the creature and quickly climb on its back.

Now let's see... If my notes are correct, then giant scorpion-like creatures should have a weak spot right around... here!

I stab the marauder between two of the scales on its back, and the creature starts to scream loudly, while rocking its body back and forth for a few seconds. As it drops to the ground, I seize the opportunity, and I move towards its head, delivering the finishing blow with one quick strike of my knife. I then get down from the marauder's back, and I get ready to join my teammates in dealing with the rest of the creatures.


[17] Immediately after I stop talking, I use my right hand to hit him very hard in his left temple with the hilt of my dagger, in order to make sure that I knock him out without killing him. He loses his consciousness almost instantly, and then he falls to the ground, with his dagger beside him.

"Idiot," I say to him, and then I begin heading towards the others.

"So, uh..." I hear the mage's voice coming from behind me, as he catches up to me. "Do you have any idea why mister smiley over there would want you dead?"

I completely forgot about this guy. I thought he already went to help the others, like the two thugs.

"No idea," I say. "I'll figure it out later. Right now, we need to focus on killing the creatures."


[18] Perfect! This is the best scenario that Leila could be hoping for. A trampler's strength lies in its charges. A few tail swipes are only good to scare off dumb beasts. They're not going to inconvenience her. 

Leila jumps over one of the beasts and lands on its back, stabbing it in the back of its neck. Before the trampler even has time to fall to the ground, Leila already jumps off its back, in order to attack its companion. The second trampler barely has any time to react, before Leila gets below its head, running one of her knives straight through its lower jaw and all the way to its brain.

As soon as she gets away from the dying creature, the last remaining manticore makes a very fast dive towards her, in an attempt to surprise her. Leila feigns ignorance until the very last moment, and then she makes a powerful slash at the creature's chest, exactly when it reaches her. The manticore drops to the ground, and Leila finishes it off with one swift strike of her dagger.

"See?" I say to Bruce. "I told you we didn't have anything to worry about. Now let's hurry up and kill those cobras before she gets here!"


[19] I take a look to see if Bruce needs any help, but he seems to have handled himself just fine on his own. The other snake is already dead, with its severed head lying on the ground beside its body, and Bruce is now coming back towards me, holding his double handed sword by his side as he walks. Leila is also done with the tramplers, and she's now heading our way. She appears to have killed the second manticore, as well.

This is it. It's over. The round is finally over. The crowds are going wild. They obviously weren't expecting us to make it. If I were Hadrik, I'd probably be making some sort of speech right now, but to be perfectly honest, all I want at this point is to go back to my division area, and get a little bit of rest, before the next round begins.

After a while, the announcer finally asks us to clear the fighting area, and we prepare to go back to our division room.


[20] I take a look to see if Bruce needs any help, but he seems to have handled himself just fine on his own. The other snake is already dead, with its severed head lying on the ground beside its body, and Bruce is now coming back towards me, holding his double handed sword by his side as he walks, while Leila seems to be heading our way as well.

This is it. It's over. The round is finally over. The crowds are going wild. They obviously weren't expecting us to make it. If I were Hadrik, I'd probably be making some sort of speech right now, but to be perfectly honest, all I want at this point is to go back to my division area, and get a little bit of rest, before the next round begins.

After a while, the announcer finally asks us to clear the fighting area, and we prepare to go back to our division room.


[21] After a few more slaps to the face, Wilhelm opens his eyes, grabs Bruce's hand, and then grips it hard, while looking at him as if he'd want to murder him here and now.

"I'm awake," Wilhelm says, forcing a calm tone in his voice. "Let's get out of here."

It takes us about a minute, but we eventually get back to our division area, and once we re-enter our room, the iron gate closes itself behind us.

"I need to go get something from my backpack," Wilhelm tells us, shortly after we enter the room. "I'll be right back."

"I hope you won't try to assassinate anyone else on your way to the locker room, Wilbert," Bruce says. "If you get knocked out again, I'm not coming to wake you up."

Wilhelm gives Bruce a scornful look before he opens the door, but he leaves the room without saying another word.

"Uh..." the announcer says, all of a sudden. "It appears that we need to take a small break, in order to do a little inventory of our remaining creatures. Please remain patient! This shouldn't take long!"

"Hah!" Bruce says. "They're already running out of creatures. I bet they weren't expecting so many of them to be taken out in the first few fights!"


[22] As the unarmed fighters go to get their weapons of choice from the walls of the arena, the new creatures are slowly beginning to walk out of their den. 

The first ones to come out are pair of cave lions, which are basically larger versions of regular lions, but without the mane. Next, we see a few black wolves join the stage, which look similar to the ones we fought in the ogre shaman's illusion, except they're only about twice the size of regular wolves. As these creatures begin to slowly advance towards the middle of the arena, a few more black wolves and cave lions are making their appearance from behind the big iron gate. 

So this is what they call their regular stock. It's definitely a step down from the creatures we've been shown so far, but something tells me that the organizers wouldn't have been permitted to release so many of them at the same time if this were one of their regular shows. If Kate had a decent team backing her up, then I wouldn't be worried, but as it stands, she may well be forced to fight all these creatures alone. 

The first group of lions and wolves decides to take the initiative, and they begin to run together, towards the gladiators. When Kate's teammates see the beasts charge towards them, some of them start screaming and running away as fast as they can, while others charge right back at the creatures, in a desperate attempt to intimidate them.


[23] "Damn it, she did it again!" Arraka says. "I can't believe this! Just when things were starting to get fun, she had to go and ruin everything again. Damn it all to hell!"

While Arraka's words probably made no sense for the people in the audience, the few of us who knew her understood the source of her frustration all too well. Almost immediately after Rose's shout, Kate suddenly disappeared from below the wolf, and she reappeared a few feet away from it, standing up, with the dagger back in her hand, and her attacker lying on the ground, in a pool of its own blood.

It didn't take me long to figure out that this was Rose's doing, who once again activated her powers by accident, freezing the time for everyone except her and Kate.

"Nobody panic!" the announcer says, all of a sudden, as he sees the scared reactions of the public. "I assure you that we'll get to the bottom of this as soon as the fight ends!"

Some of the people seem to be fidgeting nervously, while others are whispering amongst themselves with fear in their eyes. Although it's difficult to hear what exactly they are talking about, there seems to be one word in particular that all of those conversations have in common. It is the word 'banshee'.


[24] The crowd is now watching in complete silence, as Kate gets up, and she begins to look for a way out of her predicament.

"Nobody panic!" the announcer says, all of a sudden, as he sees the scared reactions of the public. "I assure you that we'll get to the bottom of this as soon as the fight ends!"

Some of the people seem to be fidgeting nervously, while others are whispering amongst themselves with fear in their eyes. Although it's difficult to hear what exactly they are talking about, there seems to be one word in particular that all of those conversations have in common. It is the word 'banshee'.

Kate manages to make her way out of the wolf encirclement, and she tries to retreat, in the hopes that some of her teammates will finally grow a backbone and help her flank the enemy that is now focusing on her, exclusively. Surprisingly, a few of the other gladiators get the hint, and they approach the creatures from behind, while they are distracted, managing to actually kill four of them, before the wolves and the lions are forced to change their tactics.

Now that Kate's teammates have finally joined the battle, and that the wolves and lions have scattered, it doesn't take the gladiators long until they hunt down their remaining enemies, and finish them all off.


[25] "Secondly," the owner says. "Our rules clearly state that in order for a magic spell to be considered illegal, it needs to set off our magical detectors. Obviously, this is more of a loophole than anything else, and I am not planning to let this go completely unpunished, however, I believe that ordering her execution in this case would be a bit too much, given the nature of her transgression. I will therefore agree to only turn her into an undesirable, as long as she agrees to tell us how she managed to bypass our magic detection system."

"...Very well," Kate says. "The reason why your detectors were not set off was because the spell used was a time freezing spell. I'm not an expert in these types of spells, but I'm assuming that since time got frozen in the entire world at the same time, the effect was too instantaneous for your devices to notice, and therefore they didn't get to trigger correctly."

"I see..." the announcer says. "Yes, that would make sense. I suppose that we'll need to work on the reaction time of our devices, then, if we are to ever detect these types of spells. Alright, then. In that case, as promised, you are free to return to your division area. However, it should go without saying that the next time you try to abuse our system like this, the consequences will be much more severe."


[26] "Secondly," the owner says. "Our rules clearly state that in order for a magic spell to be considered illegal, it needs to set off our magical detectors. Obviously, this is more of a loophole than anything else, and I am not planning to let this go completely unpunished, however, I believe that ordering her execution in this case would be a bit too much, given the nature of her transgression. I will therefore agree to only turn her into an undesirable, as long as she agrees to tell us how she managed to bypass our magic detection system."

"...Very well," Kate says. "The reason why your detectors were not set off was because when I began to create my dagger of ice, I made sure to do it without letting any magical energy leave the confines of my aura. Given that your devices do not react to regular magical auras of mages while they are not casting spells, I figured that the magical particles need to actually leave a person's aura in order for them to be detected, so I decided to take the gamble, and to handle the creation of my dagger as close to my body as possible, in order to try and cheat the system."

"Very intriguing..." the owner says. "So your way of avoiding detection in fact required the use of a highly inefficient technique and of a ridiculously low amount of magical energy in order to succeed. That means I don't have to worry about anyone abusing this loophole in any serious way, anytime soon. Alright, then. In that case, as promised, you are free to return to your division area. However, it should go without saying that the next time you try to abuse our system like this, the consequences will be much more severe."


[27] The harpies and the gargoyles are the first ones to make their way out of their den, and they immediately take to the air, studying their targets carefully. 

Harpies are hideous creatures that have the appearance of women with scales, wings and claws. They might look almost human, but in reality, they couldn't be more different. They are just about as intelligent as the lowliest of reptiles, and they're twice as vicious. The gargoyles, on the other hand, could accurately be described as thinner ogres, with wings and horns, and with strength that is comparable to that of the ogres as well. 

The dire wolves and the sabre-toothed tigers are next. They begin to walk slowly along the sides of the arena, trying to take measure of their opponents, and moving to surround them. 

The last ones to come out of the den are the griffins. They are creatures that have the bodies, tails and legs of lions, while their heads, wings, and talons are those of eagles. Like the harpies and the gargoyles before them, the first thing that the griffins do is to soar to the air, in order to get a better view of their targets.

Damn it! I knew I should have killed them in the underground caves, where they couldn't use their wings to fly away. This is definitely not going to be an easy fight for Kate, even if I did tell her all these monsters' weaknesses.

The sabre-toothed tigers and the dire wolves are the first to attack. When Kate's teammates see the beasts charge towards them, some of them start screaming and running away as fast as they can, while others charge right back at the creatures, in a desperate attempt to intimidate them.


[28] Knowing the creature's behavior and attack patterns, Kate manages to step out of the way, and to slash at one of the creature's claws with her dagger, but she doesn't get to hurt the beast much before it flies back up, preparing itself for another dive.

"Things aren't looking very good for Kate," Leila writes to me. "In the worst case scenario, she might even be forced to use her ice magic. You know what that means, right?"

"Yeah," I say. "The punishment for using magic in the arena is death. In order to get out of here alive after that, she'd have to fight every single guard in the place, and to make this entire kingdom into her enemy."

"And what would you do if that happened?" Leila writes, looking at me with a very serious expression on her face. "Would you join her, and make the kingdom into your enemy as well? Would you be willing to forsake the Magium tournament and your ambitions, in order to take her side on the battlefield?"


[29] All of a sudden, one of the iron gates gets blown out of its hinges, and it drops to the ground, with a loud clang. Within seconds, Hadrik comes out of the gate, and he makes a dash towards the griffin attacking Kate, making a very high jump, and landing on the beast's back. The griffin doesn't appear to be too happy about what's happening, and it attempts to throw Hadrik off its back by doing sudden, violent movements, and by flapping its wings continuously.

"Hah!" Hadrik says, while he maintains his balance by holding onto the griffin's mane with one of his hands. "I always wanted to ride one of these!"

He then uses his other hand to wave towards the crowd, and he shouts as loud as he can: 

"Did you miss me?" 

The crowd explodes in an outburst of shouts and cheers, as the griffin keeps trying to shake Hadrik off its back with all its might. Seeing that the beast is not planning to settle down anytime soon, Hadrik grabs its head with both hands, and he snaps its neck with one quick movement of his arms.

"Down we go!" Hadrik says, as the griffin falls to the ground, along with him.

He then jumps off the creature, and he heads towards Kate.

"Are you alright, milady?" Hadrik says, with a bow.


[30] "Well..." the announcer says. "Technically, yes. But you still can't interfere with the fights of other participants!"

"Why not?" Hadrik asks. "Is that one of the standard arena rules?"

"Well, no, but--"

"Then I don't see the problem!" Hadrik says.

"The problem is that you are ruining the show!" the announcer blurts out, all of a sudden.

"Oh, am I?" Hadrik says, with a grin.

He then turns towards the audience, and he raises his arms.

"What do you all think?" Hadrik shouts at the crowd. "Am I ruining the show?"

"Nooooo!" the spectators shout, in unison.

"Do you want me to stay?" Hadrik asks them.

In answer to Hadrik's question, the crowd cheers louder than ever before.

"Well, I guess that's settled, then!" Hadrik says, to the announcer, and then he rushes towards a griffin that's flying at a lower altitude.


[31] "There has been a slight change in our fight schedule for the second round!" the announcer continues. "Unlike the first round, where the divisions have been fighting in the order of their division numbers, in this second round there will be one exception to the rule. By special request of our esteemed arena owner, mister Venard, the first division to fight Velgos in the second round will be none other than division number four! Gladiators of the fourth division, please make sure that you are ready! The fight will begin in the next few minutes."

"Humans!" we hear the voice of Velgos the troll, shouting from the other end of the arena, as soon as the announcer stops talking. "Your time is up! There is nowhere to run. Nowhere to hide. All that awaits you is death. Blame your fate for having been unlucky enough to cross paths with Velgos the mercenary!"

The crowds are going wild again, just like they did after Hadrik's first fight, and they're chanting the troll's name loudly over and over. 

"Velgos! Velgos! Velgos!" they all keep chanting, as the troll waves to the crowd and makes intimidating gestures towards us, every once in a while.

"Huh," I tell Leila. "Well... damn."


[32] I bait the cobra by standing in one place for two seconds, and then I jump out of the way, making the creature miss its shot and waste its acid. While the snake is busy gathering up more acid in its glands, I make a dash towards it, and I stab it in the head, killing it in one strike. 

I take a look to see if Bruce needs any help, but he seems to have handled himself just fine on his own. The other snake is already dead, with its severed head lying on the ground beside its body, and Bruce is now coming back towards me, holding his double handed sword by his side as he walks. Leila is also done with the tramplers, and she's now heading our way.

This is it. It's over. The round is finally over. The crowds are going wild. They obviously weren't expecting us to make it. If I were Hadrik, I'd probably be making some sort of speech right now, but to be perfectly honest, all I want at this point is to go back to my division area, and get a little bit of rest, before the next round begins.

After a while, the announcer finally asks us to clear the fighting area, and we prepare to go back to our division room.


[33] I make a dash towards one of the tramplers, and I make sure to avoid its tail, before I step to its right side, and stab it in the neck with my knife. As the beast falls down, I waste no time, and I rush towards the other. The second trampler attempts to attack me with its horns, but I easily move out of the way, and I slit its throat with my blade, causing it to fall slowly to the ground as well, and die from the loss of blood.

Hey, that wasn't so hard! Let's see what Leila is doing.

It would seem that she didn't have much trouble on her end either. The cobras are both dead, and she is already heading in my direction. 

This is it. It's over. The round is finally over. The crowds are going wild. They obviously weren't expecting us to make it. If I were Hadrik, I'd probably be making some sort of speech right now, but to be perfectly honest, all I want at this point is to go back to my division area, and get a little bit of rest, before the next round begins.

After a while, the announcer finally asks us to clear the fighting area, and we prepare to go back to our division room.


[34] I make a dash towards one of the tramplers, and I make sure to avoid its tail, before I step to its right side, and stab it in the neck with my knife. As the beast falls down, I waste no time, and I rush towards the other. The second trampler attempts to attack me with its horns, but I easily move out of the way, and I slit its throat with my blade, causing it to fall slowly to the ground as well, and die from the loss of blood.

Hey, that wasn't so hard! Let's see what Leila and Bruce are doing.

Apparently, they didn't have much trouble on their end either. The cobras are both dead, and they are already heading in my direction. 

This is it. It's over. The round is finally over. The crowds are going wild. They obviously weren't expecting us to make it. If I were Hadrik, I'd probably be making some sort of speech right now, but to be perfectly honest, all I want at this point is to go back to my division area, and get a little bit of rest, before the next round begins.

After a while, the announcer finally asks us to clear the fighting area, and we prepare to go back to our division room.


[35] "No..." Kate says. "I have no objections."

"Very well!" the owner says. "Now, if you all don't mind, I would appreciate it if you cleared the fighting area as soon as possible. The next division's fight is about to start."

As the owner turns to leave, Kate and the others also head towards their respective division areas, while the warriors of the sixth division are preparing to enter the battlefield.


[36] I jump out of the manticore's way, and then I slash at its wing with my knife, in order to cut off the feathers that it needs to fly properly. 

The creature tries flying away, but it no longer manages to gain altitude, and it crashes to the ground. I give the beast no time to recover, and I jump at it with my dagger, slitting its throat in one move.  


[37] The creature tries flying away, but it no longer manages to gain altitude, and it crashes to the ground. I give the beast no time to recover, and I jump at it with my dagger, slitting its throat in one move.  


[38] I jump out of the way at the very last moment, and then I use my knife to slash at the manticore's wing, in order to cut off the feathers that it needs to fly properly. The creature tries flying away, but it no longer manages to gain altitude, and it crashes to the ground. I give the beast no time to recover, and I jump at it with my dagger, slitting its throat in one move.  


[39] I try to jump out of the way, but I'm not fast enough. The manticore buries its claws deep into my chest, and then it sinks its fangs into my neck. I die almost instantly.

