
[1] 

[2] "More ready than you think," Hadrik says.

"Well, in that case, let's see what you-- hold on a minute, there... I recognize that goblin!" Gontrok says, as he points towards Kelrim. "I've seen him with the rebels. And if you people are travelling with him now, then that means..."

As Gontrok figures out what's going on, his face gradually lights up with joy.

"Hah! I knew it!" he says in a loud voice, making sure that we can all hear him properly. "You were hiding under the city this whole time, weren't you? That's why we couldn't find you! You were being sheltered by the so-called 'king of the underground' and his merry men. I’ve been telling the real king for a long time that these underground dwellers were traitors and needed to be eliminated, but the captain would always find a way to defend his old disciple and to claim that this underground society somehow didn't pose a threat to us. Oh, I can't wait to see how he'll defend them now!"


[3] "Heh..." Gontrok says, as he now gets up, looking at the human-sized Hadrik in front of him while wiping the blood from his upper lip. "You've been shapeshifting as a dwarf for so long that I almost forgot these were your real body proportions, Hadrik. This was a good surprise attack, I'll grant you that. So, what are you planning to do now? Fight me in your new human-sized form and hope that it will somehow be enough to throw me off my game?"

"No," Hadrik says. "What I'm planning to do is this."

He then rushes towards Gontrok again and he feigns a punch to his face, but instead of going through with it, he immediately shapeshifts back into a dwarf and he punches him in his stomach instead. As Gontrok jumps sideways to put some distance between the two of them, Hadrik follows him and he changes his size to that of a human again. This time, Gontrok was expecting it and he tries to hit him in the bridge of his nose, but what he gets to punch is empty air, because Hadrik once again switches back to his dwarf form and he kicks his opponent in the shin.


[4] "What did you even hope to accomplish by travelling through the dwarven lands in the shape of a dwarf?" Gontrok asks Hadrik, while ignoring Arraka. "Were you trying to atone for your sins? Did you think that you'd somehow make things right after killing all those dwarf women and children by going to put flowers on their graves or something? Face it, Hadrik, you are a murderer, like the rest of us. The only difference between you and me is that I am not an honorless dog like you, and I can live with killing a few civilians during a war without turning into a complete coward."

"Dwarf," Arraka says. "If you let him get under your skin again, I swear I am going to rip out your spine and--"

"I said I get it!" Hadrik shouts loudly, as he rushes furiously towards Gontrok.

When Gontrok tries to block his opponent's first hit, Hadrik shapeshifts himself into the size of a leprechaun, sliding between Gontrok's legs and arriving behind him. Then, he almost instantly turns back into human size, grabbing Gontrok's head from behind and pushing it hard into the ground. As he is now holding Gontrok's head against the pavement with his left hand, Hadrik goes for the finishing blow, attempting to punch him as hard as he can with his right fist in the back of the head.


[5] With no time to waste, Kate conjures a floating shield made of reinforced ice over our heads, while Hadrik makes a high jump and he smashes the biggest of the boulders heading towards us into small pieces. Some of the rocks break through Kate's ice, but we manage to move away from them and to avoid getting hit.

"Hahaha!" Gontrok laughs. "What's the matter, captain? I thought you had everything under control. Do you need a hand, perhaps?"

"Keep quiet, you imbecile," the captain says. "They would have all been dead by now if you had followed my original plan."

"You can take your original plan and shove it up your arse," Gontrok says. "I am nobody's lapdog, and especially not yours."


[6] "What the hell is going on here?!" we suddenly hear the voice of the Thilias ambassador, coming from somewhere behind the captain, in the same alleyway. "What are you idiots doing?"

"Ambassador, I told you to wait in one of the empty houses, where it was safe, until--" the captain says.

"Silence, you cretin!"  the ambassador shouts angrily, as we now see him approaching the captain of the guards. "Do you not see the earl's murderers right in front of you? Why aren't you killing them?! Stop talking and kill them now! Do you hear me?! Kill them now!!!"

As soon as Hadrik gets close enough to our group, Kate sends a quick wave of freezing magic all around us, targeting all of the enemies in our vicinity. The royal guard with the pointy ears manages to conjure a wind barrier in time, defending himself and Loyrang from the attack. The captain hardens his aura in the form of a semi-transparent shield, which keeps both him and the ambassador from freezing. Two of the other guards are not fast enough to react, however.

The wave of freezing magic catches Gontrok and a royal guard wearing a red cape and a hood completely by surprise, turning them both into statues of ice. Illuna does not miss this opportunity and she immediately conjures three huge flying water serpents, just like yesterday, each of them going after their own target. The first serpent goes after Gontrok and the other royal guard who was frozen. 


[7] "What the hell is going on here?!" we suddenly hear the voice of the Thilias ambassador, coming from somewhere behind the captain, in the same alleyway. "What are you idiots doing?"

"Ambassador, I told you to wait in one of the empty houses, where it was safe, until--" the captain says.

"Silence, you cretin!"  the ambassador shouts angrily, as we now see him approaching the captain of the guards. "Do you not see the earl's murderers right in front of you? Why aren't you killing them?! Stop talking and kill them now! Do you hear me?! Kill them now!!!"

As soon as Hadrik gets close enough to our group, Kate sends a quick wave of freezing magic all around us, targeting all of the enemies in our vicinity. The royal guard with the pointy ears manages to conjure a wind barrier in time, defending himself from the attack. The captain hardens his aura in the form of a semi-transparent shield, which keeps both him and the ambassador from freezing. Two of the other guards are not fast enough to react, however.

The wave of freezing magic catches Gontrok and a royal guard wearing a red cape and a hood completely by surprise, turning them both into statues of ice. Illuna does not miss this opportunity and she immediately conjures three huge flying water serpents, just like yesterday, each of them going after their own target. The first serpent goes after Gontrok and the other royal guard who was frozen. 


[8] Right after the captain stops talking, Hadrik attacks Gontrok again, not wanting to give him the time to decide if he wants to listen to his captain's orders or not. As the two of them fight, it is becoming apparent that Gontrok has gotten a little more used to Hadrik's new fighting style, because even though he is still on the defensive, he does not seem to be as overwhelmed as before.

"Melindra, could you give me the flight spell--" I say, but before I finish, I can already feel the air currents moving around me.

"Thanks!" I say, and I raise my arms so that I can take off from the ground.

"Hey, morons!" Arraka says, in a voice low enough that the royal guards can't hear her. "Remember how you told me to let you know when the guy with the hidden aura would be close enough to attack? Well, he just arrived, and he's hiding in that empty house over there."

She then draws a human-shaped figure made out of blue light on the wall of a building, with some blue words written on top, saying: "I'm hiding here".  A mere few seconds later, Kate sends a dozen icicles towards the figure on the wall, aiming for every vital point there is. As the magically sharpened icicles easily pass through the stone building's exterior, we hear a very short scream of pain coming from the other side, which is all that our black-robed enemy has time to do before dying and then falling on the ground.


[9] Right after the captain stops talking, Hadrik attacks Gontrok again, not wanting to give him the time to decide if he wants to listen to his captain's orders or not. As the two of them fight, it is becoming apparent that Gontrok has gotten a little more used to Hadrik's new fighting style, because even though he is still on the defensive, he does not seem to be as overwhelmed as before.

"Melindra, could you give me the flight spell--" I say, but before I finish, I can already feel the air currents moving around me.

"Thanks!" I say, and I raise my arms so that I can take off from the ground.


[10] Being too focused on the drones to notice her, the air elementalist only realizes that he was being flanked when he gets stabbed with one of Leila's daggers through the back of the throat. Once Leila removes her dagger, the elf puts his hand on his neck, trying to stop the flow of blood but there's just too much of it pouring out for him to be able to do anything. Not long afterwards, the elf loses the strength from his legs and he falls flat on the ground, with nothing left to do but to slowly bleed out and die.

"How did you know that the hydra wouldn't attack you?" Daren asks Leila, as the creature made of air is now fading away.

"I didn't," Leila writes, as she is now coming back, "but the elf wasn't paying attention to us when the hydra appeared, and he didn't do any gestures that would make me believe he was the one who cast that spell, so I figured that the chances were high for this to be simply an illusion made by some other mage to scare us away."

"Nicely done!" I say. "And that was a nice assist from you too, Overseer. I didn't think keeping you around would actually turn out to be helpful."

"Does this mean you are now satisfied with the quality of your interactions with the Overseer protocol?" the Overseer says.


[11] We do what Daren says and then he charges at the hydra, swinging his sword at it as hard as he can. Unfortunately, instead of absorbing anything, the sword simply passes through the semi-transparent hydra as if he were just using some normal weapon to cut through non-magical air.

"Damn, it's not working!" Daren says. "Get back from the hydra. Get back now!"

Daren jumps away as two of the hydra's heads lunge towards him and we all distance ourselves from the large creature without being harmed. It appears that the hydra is not planning to follow us, but it also won't let us get anywhere near the elf. Now that the elf is safe from our attacks, he decides to resume his previous tactic of throwing wind blades at us until he hits someone. While I am dodging again in mid-air, Daren calls out to me from below.

"Barry, Leila, come hide inside my barrier for now," he says. "There's no use tiring yourselves out like that until we make another plan of attack."

Leila and I both graciously accept Daren's offer and after evading a few more of the elf's attacks, we manage to move inside Daren's barrier safely.


[12] "Actually, that won't be necessary," I say. "I understood what they were talking about just now, and that hydra is just an illusion. We can simply go through it and nothing will happen to us."

"Are you absolutely sure about this?" Daren says.

"Yes, I guarantee it," I say. "If it were some bluff, they would have talked in the Common language, not in an obscure dialect that we'd normally have no way of understanding."

"Well, let's see if you're right, then," Daren says, as he blocks a wind blade with his shield and then charges straight through the hydra, along with Leila.

I fly through the illusion as well, and as we get close to the air elementalist, we begin to flank him. The elf tries to push us away from him again, but Leila manages to sneak up behind him and she runs a dagger through the back of his throat before he has the time to react. Once Leila removes her dagger, the elf puts his hand on his neck, trying to stop the flow of blood but there's just too much of it pouring out for him to be able to do anything. Not long afterwards, the elf loses the strength from his legs and he falls flat on the ground, with nothing left to do but to slowly bleed out and die.


[13] Maybe with a little luck, I can bribe or threaten the guy to move the rocks away from the battlefield. If worse comes to worst, I guess I could shout a warning to everyone below as soon as the earth elementalist is dead. That should normally give my friends enough time to defend themselves from the falling rocks in one way or another.

While I am navigating carefully between the boulders, I can't help but notice that the Overseer's green-eyed drone is still following closely behind me. Does he seriously still think I'm going to answer that survey or is he just messing with me?... I guess it doesn't really matter either way. At this rate, that drone is probably just going to crash into one of these rocks and then I won't have to worry about it anymore.


[14] Maybe with a little luck, I can bribe or threaten the guy to move the rocks away from the battlefield. If worse comes to worst, I guess I could shout a warning to everyone below as soon as the earth elementalist is dead. That should normally give my friends enough time to defend themselves from the falling rocks in one way or another.


[15] Throughout all the chaos, one of the boulders accidentally brushes off against the drone that is still following me. This causes the metal ball to start talking in a loud voice, even though it doesn't seem to be addressing anyone in particular.

"Warning! Warning!" says the green-eyed drone. "A non-combat unit is being under attack. Requesting backup immed--"

The drone does not get to finish calling for its friends, because another rock hits it by mistake, this time destroying it completely and sending it crashing to the ground. Meanwhile, the rest of the boulders are still chasing me around, as I am struggling to keep up with their speed. 

With the sheer number of rocks that are attempting to smash my head in right now, I am honestly required to use all of the flying expertise that I've accumulated so far to be able to avoid them. The problem is that it's now impossible for me to get any closer to the earth elementalist, because he keeps moving away from me and I'm already too busy just trying to stay alive.


[16] With the sheer number of rocks that are attempting to smash my head in right now, I am honestly required to use all of the flying expertise that I've accumulated so far to be able to avoid them. The problem is that it's now impossible for me to get any closer to the earth elementalist, because he keeps moving away from me and I'm already too busy just trying to stay alive.


[17] I sheathe my dagger and pull out my scimitar which should be much better for the job, because even though it's not any sharper than my other weapon, it still has considerably longer reach. I then slash at the boulder with all of my might, trying to slice it in half.

The rock's surface is unfortunately much tougher than I anticipated, and I don't manage to cut through it in a single movement. Before I get the chance to try again, all of the boulders that were floating in place until a moment ago are coming straight at me from every direction. Given that there is no room for me to escape, I inevitably end up getting crushed by the multitude of rocks and I die soon afterwards.


[18] I sheathe my dagger and pull out my scimitar which should be much better for the job, because even though it's not any sharper than my other weapon, it still has considerably longer reach. I then slash at the boulder with all of my might, trying to slice it in half.

My superhuman strength allows me to cut through the rock's surface in a single movement, and I can tell that the blade's length helped as well. Inside the floating bottom half of the rock, I can now see a man in his early fifties with a bushy mustache who is currently crawled up in a fetal position, probably because he avoided my powerful slash from earlier.

When I see him, I quickly fly behind him and then I put my blade at his throat just as he is getting back up.


[19] This dagger I'm wielding won't exactly be ideal for the job because it's only about fifteen inches long, but at least its sharpness won't be an issue, thanks to the enchantments that Daren cast on it.

The rock's surface is unfortunately much tougher than I anticipated, and I don't manage to cut through it in a single movement. Before I get the chance to try again, all of the boulders that were floating in place until a moment ago are coming straight at me from every direction. Given that there is no room for me to escape, I inevitably end up getting crushed by the multitude of rocks and I die soon afterwards.


[20] This dagger I'm wielding won't exactly be ideal for the job because it's only about fifteen inches long, but at least its sharpness won't be an issue, thanks to the enchantments that Daren cast on it.

My superhuman strength allows me to cut through the rock's surface in a single movement, although it was a bit difficult to slice off the entire top half with this relatively short blade. Inside the floating bottom half of the rock, I can now see a man in his early fifties with a bushy mustache who is currently crawled up in a fetal position, probably because he avoided my powerful slash from earlier.

When I see him, I quickly fly behind him and then I put my blade at his throat just as he is getting back up.


[21] "Don't talk to me, you murderer!" the ambassador shouts back. "I will make sure you pay for what you have done!"

"But we already did pay for that!" I say, as I shoot the captain's barrier a few more times. "We were forced to participate in an arena event that was specifically designed to kill us, and you were even allowed to organize it however you wanted. It's not my fault that you're such a bad organizer, you know."

"Shut up!" the ambassador shouts in a louder voice than before. "This isn't Thilias anymore, do you understand?! The gnome king and the arena owner won't save you this time! I am the one in control here! The royal guards and the whole army of Ollendor have been placed under my command for the sole purpose of killing you!"

"I know, and I'm really grateful for that!" I say. "I mean, can you even imagine what an army would have done to us if it weren't being controlled by an incompetent buffoon such as yourself?"

"Silence!" the ambassador shouts again. "I've heard enough from you! Captain, I order you to execute this man right now!"

"Ambassador, if I attack him now, the barrier will weaken and your safety will be put at ris--" the captain starts to say, but he is interrupted.

"I don't care!" the ambassador shouts angrily. "I want you to kill him now! Do it! That's an order!"


[22] "Hah!" I say. "I did it!"

I barely get to finish what I was saying before I feel an immensely powerful pressure pushing me down, making me fall with my back against the captain's semi-transparent barrier and completely restricting all of my movements. As I am trying to break myself free from the aura manipulation technique, the captain pulls out a heavily enchanted dagger and he uses it to stab me in the back of the head from below. His magically sharpened weapon passes through my skull with ease, killing me on the spot.


[23] "What are you doing, you fool?!" the ambassador shouts at the captain. "He's getting away!"

"The further away he gets, the harder it will be to attack him without dismissing this barrier completely," the captain says. "He will die soon enough, don't worry. There's no need to rush things."

The ambassador looks like he's fuming, but he is staying silent for once. After I get pulled back one last time, I finally make it out of the captain's attack range and I head back towards Kate and Illuna where it's... safe?...


[24] With the black-robed guy now confirmed to be dead, I land on the ground near Kate and Illuna and I take another look at the whole battlefield, in order to assess our current situation.


[25] "It's about time you showed up, Albert," I say. "I was beginning to think that you ran away."

"A true assassin only reveals himself once he is absolutely certain that he will succeed in killing his target," we hear Albert's voice coming from an empty place in the middle of the street.

"So in other words, you're only planning to help us when there is absolutely no risk in it for you?" I ask him.

"Exactly," Albert says.

"Well, it's good that you're being honest, at least," I say.

With the black-robed guy now dead, I land on the ground near Kate and Illuna and I take another look at the whole battlefield, in order to assess our current situation.


[26] The acid almost immediately melts through my skin and muscles, causing me a huge amount of pain while I also become unable to breathe. After a few more agonizing moments, I finally begin to lose my senses, as I slowly succumb to my death.


[27] Thanks to my aura hardening stat the acid doesn't do any serious damage, even though it still stings a little, so I decide to wipe it off with my hand and to fling it back towards my attacker with a quick motion of my wrist.

The black-robed man was not expecting this at all, so he was too slow to react properly. As soon as the acid touched his face he instinctively teleported away and back to the ground, but that didn't help him get the burning liquid out of his eyes so now he's just wiping his face constantly with his hands while groaning in pain.

These few seconds of distraction cost him dearly, because Illuna was waiting all this time for him to stop teleporting, and his momentary pause was all she needed to swing one of her water whips towards him at high speed and to behead him in a single movement.

As I give Illuna a victory salute, she nods back at me and then she begins to attack the captain of the guards again, together with Kate and Flower.

With the black-robed guy now dead, I land on the ground near Kate and Illuna and I take another look at the whole battlefield, in order to assess our current situation.


[28] Thanks to my aura hardening stat the acid doesn't do any serious damage, even though it still stings a little, so I decide to wipe it off with my hand and to fling it back towards my attacker with a quick motion of my wrist.

The black-robed man was not expecting this at all, so he was too slow to react properly. As soon as the acid touched his face he instinctively teleported away, but that didn't help him get the burning liquid out of his eyes so now he's just wiping his face constantly with his hands while groaning in pain.

These few seconds of distraction cost him dearly, because Illuna was waiting all this time for him to stop teleporting, and his momentary pause was all she needed to swing one of her water whips towards him at high speed and to behead him in a single movement.

As I give Illuna a victory salute, she nods back at me and then she begins to attack the captain of the guards again, together with Kate and Flower.

With the black-robed guy now dead, I land on the ground near Kate and Illuna and I take another look at the whole battlefield, in order to assess our current situation.


[29] "Do you think your barrier will work against any of the rocks?" I ask Daren.

"From what I've seen they all seem to have been created magically, so it should work fine," Daren says. "If there are any regular rocks in there, they'll pass right through the barrier, though."

"It's all well and good," I say. "We practically have three barriers stacked on top of each other now. It would be hard to top this, in terms of defense."


[30] "Do you think your barrier will work against any of the rocks?" I ask Daren.

"From what I've seen they all seem to have been created magically, so it should work fine," Daren says. "If there are any regular rocks in there, they'll pass right through the barrier, though."

"It's all well and good," I say. "We still have Melindra's wind barrier as backup in case yours fails. That should be enough to defend us for the time being."


[31] "I'll try to keep up the pressure on the captain while I maintain the dome, but it won't be easy," Kate says. "Don't be too surprised if he manages to retaliate soon."

"Actually, Kate," Daren says, as he points towards the sky, where about a hundred or more huge boulders are preparing to rain down upon us, "I think you should give up on the captain and put everything you've got into fortifying your ice dome. My barrier's beginning to reach its limit, and wind barriers aren't all that good against rocks, as you've no doubt already realized by now. Also, if the earth elementalist will send a few more regular rocks like those two from earlier, your dome will be the only reliable defense we have against them."

"Very well," Kate says. "I will focus all of my efforts on defense, then. Let's hope we won't come to regret this decision later."

She then begins to pour as much magical energy into her ice dome as she can, making it a lot more opaque in the process. It is harder now to see what is going on outside our shelter, but once the boulders start hitting the ice dome we can easily tell exactly what's happening.


[32] "Actually, Kate," Daren says, as he points towards the sky, where about a hundred or more huge boulders are preparing to rain down upon us, "I think you should give up on the captain and put everything you've got into fortifying your ice dome. My barrier's beginning to reach its limit, and wind barriers aren't all that good against rocks, in general. Your dome may well become our last line of defense soon."

"Very well," Kate says. "I will focus all of my efforts on defense, then. Let's hope we won't come to regret this decision later."

She then begins to pour as much magical energy into her ice dome as she can, making it a lot more opaque in the process. It is harder now to see what is going on outside our shelter, but once Daren's barrier fails and the boulders start hitting the ice dome we can easily tell exactly what's happening. 


[33] What happens next is that the whole battlefield becomes completely chaotic, as everyone except Hadrik and Gontrok abandon their current fights and focus solely on surviving the hundreds of boulders that are about to rain down upon them.

As my friends gather in one place and Kate builds a dome out of reinforced ice around them, I try to help out as well as I can by positioning myself directly above them and slicing through as many of the falling rocks as possible.

Eventually, the large boulders stop falling and everyone escapes unharmed, including our enemies, while Hadrik and Gontrok are still continuing their fight as if nothing happened. Just as Kate dismisses her ice dome, we feel an enormous pressure coming from above us, which pushes us all to the ground and completely prevents us from moving.


[34] Right after the captain stops talking, Daren is slammed into the ground by an invisible force, like the rest of us. For a moment, I see Daren's sword budging a few inches as he tries to make it fly back into his hand, but the pain in his wrist is clearly preventing him from focusing properly. 

The captain does not notice what Daren is trying to do, and instead he directs his attention towards Gontrok, who is still fighting Hadrik.

"Gontrok!" the captain shouts. "Come here and help me destroy this ice wall behind me! The ambassador is trapped and can't get to safety!"

"I'm a little busy here, captain," Gontrok says, as he blocks Hadrik's fist with his right hand and then crouches to avoid a kick to his face.

"Damn it..." the captain says, and now he turns his gaze towards the air elementalist elf. "Hey, Felsig! Get over here and cut a hole through this wall with your wind magic! And don't try to execute the criminals while you're on your way here. That's an order!"

"What?..." the elf says. "Why would you want them alive?"

"I don't," the captain says, "but with the amount of tricks they've pulled out of their sleeves so far, I wouldn't be surprised if they were to make use of your own wind blades to free themselves or even kill you. I'm not taking that risk. The ambassador's safety remains our highest priority."


[35] Right after the captain stops talking, Daren is slammed into the ground by an invisible force, like the rest of us. For a moment, I see Daren's sword budging a few inches as he tries to make it fly back into his hand, but the pain in his wrist is clearly preventing him from focusing properly. 

The captain does not notice what Daren is trying to do, and instead he directs his attention towards Gontrok, who is still fighting Hadrik.

"Gontrok!" the captain shouts. "Come here and help me destroy this ice wall behind me! The ambassador is trapped and can't get to safety!"

"I'm a little busy here, captain," Gontrok says, as he blocks Hadrik's fist with his right hand and then crouches to avoid a kick to his face.

"Damn it..." the captain says, and now he turns his gaze towards the sky, shouting loudly in the hopes that his voice will reach the earth elementalist. "Bolwick, can you hear me?!"

He waits for a few seconds, but he gets no answer.


[36] "You should have paid more attention to whatever lessons that spirit in the amulet taught you," the captain says, as he looks directly at Illuna. "What you did here was nothing more than a waste of time."

As the air elementalist arrives near the captain, he easily cuts a hole into the ice wall with his wind blades, and then the ambassador uses this newly created exit to retreat to safety. Kate manages to send one last icicle towards him as he leaves, but it is effortlessly blocked by a small barrier made by the captain of the guards, so the ambassador gets away successfully.


[37] "You should have paid more attention to whatever lessons that spirit in the amulet taught you," the captain says, as he looks directly at Illuna. "What you did here was nothing more than a waste of time."

As the ambassador makes his way towards one of the alleys leading out of the main street, Kate manages to send two icicles his way but they are easily blocked by a small barrier made by the captain, so the ambassador eventually manages to get away from us and to retreat to safety.


[38] "You should have paid more attention to whatever lessons that spirit in the amulet taught you," the captain says, as he looks directly at Illuna. "What you did here was nothing more than a waste of time."

As the air elementalist arrives near the captain, he easily cuts a hole into the ice wall with his wind blades, and then the ambassador uses this newly created exit to retreat to safety. Kate manages to send one last icicle towards him as he leaves, but it is effortlessly blocked by a small barrier made by the captain of the guards, so the ambassador gets away successfully.

Meanwhile, Loyrang finally reaches us after dragging his feet this whole time, and he stops right in front of me with one of his two long swords unsheathed and ready to strike.

"No hard feelings, mate!" Loyrang says to me in a low voice. "I need to at least pretend that I'm taking this seriously."

He then uses his sword to stab me in my right shoulder, and I try hard to stifle a groan of pain as he now takes out his weapon and blood starts flowing out.

"Whoa..." Loyrang says. "That looks like a pretty nasty wound. Might want to put some pressure on it if you don't want to die of blood loss!"

I feel like punching this guy in his smug face so hard right now. Even if he did avoid killing me on purpose, his mocking tone and the pain from my shoulder are making it so that the only thoughts now racing through my head are ways to make him pay.


[39] "You should have paid more attention to whatever lessons that spirit in the amulet taught you," the captain says, as he looks directly at Illuna. "What you did here was nothing more than a waste of time."

As the air elementalist arrives near the captain, he easily cuts a hole into the ice wall with his wind blades, and then the ambassador uses this newly created exit to retreat to safety. Kate manages to send one last icicle towards him as he leaves, but it is effortlessly blocked by a small barrier made by the captain of the guards, so the ambassador gets away successfully.

Meanwhile, Loyrang finally reaches us after dragging his feet this whole time, and he stops right in front of me with one of his two long swords unsheathed and ready to strike.

"No hard feelings, mate!" Loyrang says to me in a low voice. "I need to at least pretend that I'm taking this seriously."

He then tries to stab me in my right shoulder with his blade, but I pull out my dagger and I somehow manage to hold it at just the right angle to divert the direction of his strike and to make him run his sword through the ground instead of me.

"Oh, I've never seen this technique used before!" Loyrang says. "Impressive!"


[40] "No, Daren," I say, "we're not seeing anything, but if you're planning to do something, you'd better do it quick, before--"

"Everything is so clear now..." Daren says, looking almost as if he were in some kind of trance. "When it's frozen in time like this, the captain's aura is so much easier to understand. Arraka was right! The flows really do look like strings tied into a knot!"

"Daren, I don't-- ugh... I don't know what you're saying," Rose says, as she is clearly making great efforts to keep the time frozen. "Please, if you've figured out something, do it fast... I can't... I am barely even able to remain conscious right now..."

"It's alright, Rose," Daren says, in a calm but confident tone. "You can let go of the spell. I will take care of the captain."

"Okay..." Rose says. "I hope you know what you're doing."

The time then immediately gets unfrozen and just as I am beginning to feel the pressure from above crushing me again, Daren lifts his left hand in the air, he closes his fist, and the invisible force that was pushing us down disappears completely.


[41] He then swings his sword in the elf's direction, as the small tornado gets flung away from the blade and straight for the air elementalist, getting bigger and bigger until it reaches its original size.

"Aah!" the elf screams. "Get away from me!"

As he runs away, the tornado keeps following him, and now the captain who was forced to move out of the whirlwind's way is finding himself in a bit of a bind, because Daren has taken advantage of this distraction to close in on him fast. Before he gets to react, Daren sticks his sword through his heart, killing the man almost immediately. The captain soon falls to the ground in a puddle of his own blood, as Daren calmly sheathes his sword and turns back to look at us.


[42] "You'd better not be doing what I think you're doing, Gontrok," we hear a voice echoing all around us, making it impossible for us to tell where it's coming from. "The royal guards' portable teleportation devices are only to be used when the king is in danger."

"Oh yeah?" Gontrok says, as he seems to be fiddling with a device that is hidden underneath his royal guard uniform, below his neck, while he keeps dashing away from Hadrik to dodge his attacks. "Well, that didn't seem to stop the king from teleporting us on a whim last time, despite not being in any danger at all, did it? If the king can freely misuse these devices, then so can I."

"We're not retreating, you coward!" the voice says. "We will stay here and avenge our fallen captain!"


[43] "You'd better not be doing what I think you're doing, Gontrok," we hear the same voice that talked to the air elementalist elf before, echoing all around us, once again making it impossible for us to tell where it's coming from. "The royal guards' portable teleportation devices are only to be used when the king is in danger."

"Oh yeah?" Gontrok says, as he seems to be fiddling with a device that is hidden underneath his royal guard uniform, below his neck, while he keeps dashing away from Hadrik to dodge his attacks. "Well, that didn't seem to stop the king from teleporting us on a whim last time, despite not being in any danger at all, did it? If the king can freely misuse these devices, then so can I."

"We're not retreating, you coward!" the voice says. "We will stay here and avenge our fallen captain!"


[44] As the pain becomes greater, it gets increasingly difficult to maintain my consciousness. During this time, Kate and Flower shoot a few projectiles at the captain, but they get easily blocked by him. Daren also tries desperately to get his sword back, but he is much too weakened to focus on his aura technique properly.

While my life is flashing before my eyes, for some reason I suddenly remember the words that Arraka said to Daren this morning: 'You obviously have a natural affinity for aura manipulation'.

Could this have meant that other members of our team may have had that affinity too? Would they have been able to do what Daren did with his aura if they had only practiced a little?... Why am I even thinking about this? It's too late to ask Arraka about this now. It's too late to do anything anymore. I may as well just... go to sleep.

When the pain finally overcomes me, I lose my consciousness for good and I die soon afterwards, along with everyone else.


[45] Not long after the captain stops talking, we feel the pressure above us suddenly disappearing, even though it doesn't look like Daren did anything this time. As we are all getting up from the ground, confused, the captain is staring at Kate while pointing at her, with an incredulous look on his face.

"You did this?!" the captain says. "With an icicle, of all things? What kind of a half-assed improvisation is this?!"

I now realize that Kate was holding an icicle in her hand this whole time. She must have been trying to copy Daren's 'untangling' technique ever since he lost his sword.

Instead of answering the captain's question, Kate sends several icicles his way, while Flower and Illuna send their own projectiles towards him as well. It is clear that Kate and Illuna have both used up most of their magical energy by now, because their attacks are significantly weaker than they were before. Flower, on the other hand seems to have been a little more careful with her energy spending, because her magic is just as strong as it was in the beginning.


[46] Just like before, the captain tries to push Daren away with his invisible force, but his aura manipulation technique isn't strong enough to be able to keep both the healer and the fire wyvern at a distance.


[47] Just like before, the captain tries to push Daren away with his invisible force, but his aura manipulation technique isn't strong enough to be able to keep both the healer and the fire wyvern at a distance.

As the wyvern is preparing to dive back down, the air elementalist elf fires three wind blades at Daren in rapid succession, but the healer blocks two of them with his shield while absorbing the third one with his sword and sending it back at his attacker. The elf makes a wind barrier to defend himself, and when he realizes that there is nothing more he can do he quickly casts some air currents around himself, similar to the ones that Melindra always casts on me, and he flies away in order to avoid getting burned to death by the fire wyvern.

While I am watching him fly, I quickly realize that this guy barely has any control over his air currents, unlike Melindra or me, because he is moving through the air in a completely chaotic way, as if he were being carried away by a strong wind or something. He must have been really desperate if he still decided to try flying even under these conditions.


[48] "Daren..." Kate says, when she sees the pained expression on Daren's face, as he looks at his friend's lifeless body. "I know this must be very difficult for you, but our battle is still not over, and we can't afford to let our emotions--"

"I know," Daren says simply, as he makes a visible effort to regain his composure, and then he gets up from the ground, facing the captain of the guards directly. "I will make a rush for the captain. Try to cover me as much as you can."

"Okay," Kate says, and she begins shooting a few icicles towards the captain, which are easily blocked by his barrier.

I then start firing my crossbow at him as well, while Flower and Illuna send their own projectiles towards him. It is clear that Kate and Illuna have both used up most of their magical energy by now, because their attacks are significantly weaker than they were before. Flower, on the other hand seems to have been a little more careful with her energy spending, because her magic is just as strong as it was in the beginning.


[49] Just like before, the captain tries to push Daren away with his invisible force, but his aura manipulation technique isn't strong enough to be able to keep both the healer and the fire wyvern at a distance.


[50] Just like before, the captain tries to push Daren away with his invisible force, but his aura manipulation technique isn't strong enough to be able to keep both the healer and the fire wyvern at a distance.

As the wyvern is preparing to dive back down, the air elementalist elf fires three wind blades at Daren in rapid succession, but the healer blocks two of them with his shield while absorbing the third one with his sword and sending it back at his attacker. The elf makes a wind barrier to defend himself, and when he realizes that there is nothing more he can do he quickly casts some air currents around himself, similar to the ones that Melindra always casts on me, and he flies away in order to avoid getting burned to death by the fire wyvern.

While I am watching him fly, I quickly realize that this guy barely has any control over his air currents, unlike Melindra or me, because he is moving through the air in a completely chaotic way, as if he were being carried away by a strong wind or something. He must have been really desperate if he still decided to try flying even under these conditions.


[51] "Too late!" Gontrok says, and then he taps the device with his whole hand, making a white light appear around all of the surviving royal guards.

"You will pay for this, you fool!" the voice says, as we see a white light through the window of one of the houses, which is probably where our mystery mage had been hiding this whole time.

"We'll see about that," Gontrok says.

"Ah, crap!" Hadrik says, as he tries in vain to land one last punch before Gontrok and the other royal guards get teleported safely away from us.


[52] "Kelrim..." Daren says. "What you tried to do was very noble, but there are still people down there who need your help. They're not just waiting for me to save them, they are waiting for you, and they would all be sad if you were gone. You understand this, right?"

"Yes..." Kelrim says. "Yes, I understand. Thank you. Shall we teleport back to the base?"

"We probably should," Daren says. "Hopefully, there will no longer be any signal interference now that the royal guards are gone. Let's all get closer together first, so that Barry from the teleporter room can lock onto us easier."


[53] "Kelrim..." Daren says. "What you tried to do was very noble, but there are still people down there who need your help. They're not just waiting for me to save them, they are waiting for you, and they would all be sad if you were gone. You understand this, right?"

"Yes..." Kelrim says. "Yes, I understand. Thank you. Shall we teleport back to the base?"

"I'd say it's about time, yes," Albert says, as he finally cancels his invisibility spell and reveals himself to now be standing right next to us.

"Nice timing, Albert!" I say. "You sure were a lot of help back there, when we most needed you!"

"Spare me your sarcasm," Albert says. "I said that I'd help you and I did. I killed the black-robed royal guard, didn't I? Surely, you weren't expecting me to kill all of the guards myself?"

"No, but it sure would have been nice if you had at least tried to attack the captain while he was crushing us to death," I say.

"The captain had a keen enough magical sense that I couldn't get anywhere near him without being detected," Albert says. "Trust me, if that weren't the case, I would have assassinated him a long time ago. There was nothing I could do."


[54] He pauses.

"Anyway," Daren says, "I think we should try teleporting back to the rebel base again. The royal guards are gone now, so with a little luck maybe our signal isn't being blocked anymore. Let's first get closer together, so that Barry from the teleporter room will be able to lock onto our signal easier."


[55] "I'd say it's about time we teleported out of here, don't you think?" Albert says, as he finally cancels his invisibility spell and reveals himself to now be standing right next to us.

"Nice timing, Albert!" I say. "You sure were a lot of help back there, when we most needed you!"

"Spare me your sarcasm," Albert says. "I said that I'd help you and I did. I killed the black-robed royal guard, didn't I? Surely, you weren't expecting me to kill all of the guards myself?"

"No, but it sure would have been nice if you had at least tried to attack the captain while he was crushing us to death," I say.

"The captain had a keen enough magical sense that I couldn't get anywhere near him without being detected," Albert says. "Trust me, if that weren't the case, I would have assassinated him a long time ago. There was nothing I could do."


[56] "Nice timing, Albert!" I say. "You sure were a lot of help back there, when we most needed you!"

"Spare me your sarcasm," Albert says. "I said that I'd help you and I did. I killed the black-robed royal guard, didn't I? Surely, you weren't expecting me to kill all of the guards myself?"

"No, but it sure would have been nice if you had at least tried to attack the captain while he was crushing us to death," I say.

"The captain had a keen enough magical sense that I couldn't get anywhere near him without being detected," Albert says. "Trust me, if that weren't the case, I would have assassinated him a long time ago. There was nothing I could do."


[57] Even with the distance we've put between us and the drone, the impact of the blast still managed to reach us but we were already pretty far from the center of the explosion so it was nothing that Daren’s barrier couldn’t handle. As we now stop to look at the singeing hot earth forming the crater behind us and at all the windows that were broken by the explosion’s shockwave, I immediately turn my eyes towards the drones in the sky that are still floating innocently, as if they were completely unaware of what's happening below.

"I guess you're not our Overseer expert for nothing," Daren says, as he is still looking at the scorched earth from the area we left. "If we were any closer to that explosion, things could have ended pretty badly."

"I don't think it's over yet," I tell him, as I'm still looking attentively at the sky. "The Overseer seems to have finally found a way to attack us despite his self-imposed 'maintenance mode'. He's not going to stop until he runs out of drones that he can drop on us. Illuna, could you cool down that hot crater a little?"

"Will do," she says, and then she sends a small torrent of water to flood the hole in the ground that has formed from the explosion.


[58] "Man, I didn't think the Overseer would wreak so much havoc in his own city!" Hadrik says. "Look at this place! It's a mess!"

"Well," I say, "he did tell us that that the 'routine' which made him give a damn about the citizens of Varathia was deactivated, so I suppose this was to be expected."

"I'll call Barry to teleport us out of here before anything else happens," Daren says, as he takes out his transceiver again.


[59] "Man, I didn't think the Overseer would wreak so much havoc in his own city!" Hadrik says. "Look at this place! It's a mess!"

"Well," I say, "he did tell us that that the 'routine' which made him give a damn about the citizens of Varathia was deactivated, so I suppose this was to be expected."

"Choosing to run away from the metal ball was a surprisingly good decision, coming from someone like you," Albert says, as I now see him coming out of invisibility. "Maybe it wasn't a coincidence that you survived in the mage tournament for so long."

"I'm guessing that the first thing you did when you saw the drone falling from the sky was to turn invisible and to get as far away from it as possible, then?" I say.

"Obviously," Albert says.

"I'll call Barry to teleport us out of here before anything else happens," Daren says, as he takes out his transceiver again.


[60] "Yes, he's dead," Daren says. "Now, can you please try to teleport us back to the rebel base?"

"Oh right, of course!" the teleporter guy says. "Just give me a bit of time to lock onto your signals properly."

"So we're just going to let the ambassador go, then?..." Melindra asks us out of the blue.

"The ambassador?" Daren says, looking as if he's still processing the information Melindra just gave him. "He's still here?..."

"Yes, the royal guards abandoned him when they teleported to their king, remember?" Melindra says. "He's still hiding in the same abandoned house where the captain sent him to take shelter during the battle."

"Oh, yeah!" Hadrik says. "Now that you mention it, I think I can sense his aura too! He's not too far from us!"


[61] "What are you doing?!" the ambassador now shouts even louder. "I said stay back! Don't you dare take another step! Do you not hear me?! Stay away from me, you... you... peasant!"

"No, ambassador," I tell him as I now aim my crossbow at his forehead. "You are the peasant!"

I then shoot the ambassador in the head, killing him before he has the chance to say anything else. As soon as I'm done, I walk out of the house and I head back towards Daren and the others, who were waiting impatiently for my return.

"Oh, good," Daren says, when he sees me. "You're back. Come over here. We're all ready to teleport."

"So..." Hadrik says, after I reach them. "The ambassador's dead, huh?"

"Yep," I say.

"I feel like I'm gonna miss the poor bastard," Hadrik says. "I mean, I still hated his guts, but hearing him shouting his lungs out every time he saw us would always bring a smile to my face, you know what I'm saying?"

"Don't worry," I tell him. "He will still live on in your memories."

"Aye," Hadrik says. "And if not him, then his voice surely will."

"Okay, Barry, you can teleport us now," says Daren, who is now holding Kelrim's dead body in his arms, while still keeping his transceiver in his right hand.


[62] "What are you doing?!" the ambassador now shouts even louder. "I said stay back! Don't you dare take another step! Do you not hear me?! Stay away from me, you... you... peasant!"

"No, ambassador," I tell him as I now aim my crossbow at his forehead. "You are the peasant!"

I then shoot the ambassador in the head, killing him before he has the chance to say anything else. As soon as I'm done, I walk out of the house and I head back towards Daren and the others, who were waiting impatiently for my return.

"Oh, good," Daren says, when he sees me. "You're back. Come over here. We're all ready to teleport."

"So..." Hadrik says, after I reach them. "The ambassador's dead, huh?"

"Yep," I say.

"I feel like I'm gonna miss the poor bastard," Hadrik says. "I mean, I still hated his guts, but hearing him shouting his lungs out every time he saw us would always bring a smile to my face, you know what I'm saying?"

"Don't worry," I tell him. "He will still live on in your memories."

"Aye," Hadrik says. "And if not him, then his voice surely will."

"Okay, Barry, you can teleport us now," Daren says.


[63] We wait for about half a minute for the teleporter guy to finally be done with his preparations. During this time, Daren grabs Kelrim's lifeless body in his arms, in order to make sure that it will be teleported back together with us.


[64] We wait for about half a minute for the teleporter guy to finally be done with his preparations.


[65] 