
[1] 

[2] "Yeah, yeah, I'm awake," Arraka says. "Oh and I've already used a water spell to clean up that fake moustache, in case you were looking for it. Very amusing, by the way. I'm glad to know that you're putting all that free time to good use. Really looking forward to seeing you use these new skills of yours against Selkram in our final confrontation."

"Is that a challenge?" I ask Arraka.

"Sure, why not?" Arraka says.

"Then I will make sure to learn some good fake moustache spells just for Selkram as soon as I get my magic stats," I say. "Anyway, so did Illuna wake up too, or only Arraka?"

"Illuna is awake, but I don't think she'll answer you," Flower says. "I've been trying to talk to her since I woke up, but she keeps telling me that she is trying to learn a new spell and that she'll only speak to me when she's done."

"A new spell, huh?" I say. "Maybe it's something that can help us against the royal guards. Alright, let's leave her to it, then."

We walk down the corridors a bit more until we reach the waiting room. The commotion from nine hours ago seems to have died down a little, but I'm not sure if this is because they are done with the evacuation or because the rebels no longer have enough space in their base to offer shelter for all the refugees. Judging by all the civilians who are still in the waiting room, my guess would be that they really did run out of places where they could send people to sleep.


[3] "Yeah, yeah, I'm awake," Arraka says.

"What about Illuna?" I ask.

"Illuna is awake, but I don't think she'll answer you," Flower says. "I've been trying to talk to her since I woke up, but she keeps telling me that she is trying to learn a new spell and that she'll only speak to me when she's done."

"A new spell, huh?" I say. "Maybe it's something that can help us against the royal guards. Alright, let's leave her to it, then."

We walk down the corridors a bit more until we reach the waiting room. The commotion from nine hours ago seems to have died down a little, but I'm not sure if this is because they are done with the evacuation or because the rebels no longer have enough space in their base to offer shelter for all the refugees. Judging by all the civilians who are still in the waiting room, my guess would be that they really did run out of places where they could send people to sleep.


[4] All three of them seem very tired, and the king even has visible bags under his eyes. However, aside from the fatigue, I can also feel a certain... tension in the air that I haven't felt in our last two meetings. Hopefully it's just my imagination.

"Good morning, friends," the king says. "I hope you've slept well. My apologies for calling you to yet another meeting out of the blue, but there are quite a few things I need to discuss with you that can't be delayed any longer. First, allow me to give you a bit of context."

He then takes a small metal cube out of his pocket, just like the one that he used in our first meeting with him, and he holds it in front of us. 

"Your friend Eiden went out of his way again to lure some people into one of the few rooms from the palace in which we had recording devices," the king says. "I am assuming that he did this because he wanted you to listen to this conversation, so I will respect his wishes. The discussion that you are about to hear happened yesterday, shortly after the majority of you were mistakenly teleported to the trap-filled caverns below the city. I believe that you should be able to easily recognize most of, if not all the participants in this conversation. Let us begin."

He then presses one of the buttons from the metal cube device and we begin to hear voices coming out of it, just like the last time. As soon as I recognize the first voice, I immediately understand what this conversation is going to be about.

"Is this the room that you wanted to bring us to?..." the ambassador of Ollendor says.


[5] "We... don't know how these mages were able to bypass the protection spell," the ambassador says. "However, we have reasons to believe that they are capable of harming any of the locals, without any restrictions."

"And these tournament participants... they were executed for their crime?" the king asks, still in a calm tone, but you can tell that he is barely restraining himself at this point.

"...No, your highness," the ambassador says. "The gnome king was very opposed to the idea of executing them. Eventually we... reached a compromise and sentenced them to fight in one of the greatest arena events in our entire continent's history, but even without their magic they were somehow able to survive until the end, and so according to the laws written in the treaty between all kingdoms of Varathia, they were released on the same day that--"

"You let them go?!" the king of Ollendor shouts so loudly that I almost had to cover my ears. "You miserable worm, are you telling me that my brother's murderers are roaming around freely through Varathia at this very moment? I ought to chain you up and feed you to the dogs for your incompetence, you pathetic excuse for a diplomat. Is this why I sent you to Thilias? To negotiate with that idiot gnome as if he and I were equals? Why didn't you tell him that there would be war if he didn't execute those mages on the spot? You just let him walk all over you as if you were one of his lowly servants?!"


[6] "Yes, ambassador," the king says. "I am putting you in charge of dealing with these criminals. You will be personally responsible for the results of this manhunt. I don't think I need to tell you what will happen to you if you fail to capture these mages a second time. I'm certain that your desire to right your wrongs will be more than enough motivation for you to do your job properly this time around."

"Yes, your majesty," the ambassador says. "Of course..."

"Good," the king says. "Then it's settled. I hope neither of you were hoping to sleep tonight, because I suspect that you are going to be quite busy for some time. Start making the necessary preparations. I want you two to come up with a plan of action in less than an hour. Oh, and captain... would you be so kind as to send one of the palace servants to bring Bilibo... Bilibo... the lessathi here? Tell him that it is a very urgent matter and that I am requesting his presence in the castle immediately. Surely there must be at least one of his devices that would be helpful to us in such a situation."

"Yes, my king," the captain says. "I will send someone to contact him at once."


[7] "I don't think you fully comprehend the position you are in, healer in armor," the king of the underground says. "The only reason why you haven't been captured by the royal guards yet is because we are providing you with shelter. Now, don't get me wrong, I am still very grateful for your efforts to find a cure for the sick people in our quarantine area. That is why I've allowed you to sleep here, despite what has been happening on the surface. However, I cannot in good conscience sacrifice the lives of the people from above just because there is a small chance for you to cure some of our terminally-ill inhabitants."

"The chance is not small at all!" Daren says. "Kelrim and I already have a very good lead as to what may be causing the disease, and if we get the herbs we need, we may even be able to heal those people as soon as today!"

"And once you are done healing the people from the quarantine zone, what will you do?" the king says. "Will you surrender yourself to the royal guards? Or do you perhaps have some other plan to end the senseless violence that is still occurring on the surface?"

"We will do what we came here to do," Daren says. "We will kill the king of Ollendor, and once he is dead, the madness should hopefully come to an end."

"You speak of killing the king when all of you combined could not even defeat two of his guards?!" Albert shouts. "Or have you already forgotten that we were the ones who risked our lives to save you from Gontrok and the royal guard captain yesterday?"


[8] "Ahahahahahahaha!" Arraka laughs. "I was wondering when you'd finally reveal your hidden power to them, but this is just too much. I'm dying of laughter here. Ahahahahahaha!"

"What's the matter?" the king of the underground asks us, ignoring Arraka. "The test has already begun. This is the same aura manipulation technique that you were so proudly saying you could fight against as soon as you'd meet the royal guard captain again. Why don't you show me how much you've really improved?"

Is the king the one doing this to us? I didn't even know he was a mage! Damn it, if only I could move my arm so that I could at least throw my dagger at him or something...

"You can give up on the test at any time, you know," the king of the underground says, after some more time passes. "Just admit defeat, and I will let you get back up."


[9] "Of course I know where he is," Arraka says. "But I'm not going to waste my time showing you his position just for some lousy mock battle. If you want to pass this lame test, figure it out yourselves."

"Well, no matter where he is," Hadrik says, "he's bound to come out of invisibility to attack us at some point, so I'll just wait for the right opportunity and grab him then. I can still grab people, right? It's not like I'm attacking him or anything, so the fact that he's a local shouldn't mat-- what the?!"

Hadrik suddenly tries to grab something from the empty air behind him, but nothing happens. When I try to understand what happened, I notice that Hadrik's leather armor has been pierced from behind, and that there is a bit of blood dripping from the upper side of his back.

"Did he seriously just attack me while he was still invisible?!" Hadrik says, as Peter is now moving towards one of the walls, in order to observe the fight better. "Since when do invisibility spells work like that?"

"I told you that it's more than just a spell," the king says. "His breathing, his aura control and his special orange-hilted dagger all play a role in helping him mask his presence. This is the result of years upon years of arduous training. You are taking assassins far too lightly if you think that you can simply wait for them to strike before you attack them. If this weren't a mock battle, getting backstabbed like that could have very well killed you, dwarf. Perhaps you should start taking this test a bit more seriously."


[10] I quickly calculate his trajectory from the few steps I get to hear, and I try to anticipate his path as well as I can when I shoot my crossbow bolt at the empty air in front of me. To my surprise, instead of hitting him or passing through the air, the crossbow bolt clangs against a metal surface and it falls to the ground. Realizing that this was Albert deflecting the projectile with his dagger while still invisible, Hadrik wastes no time and he makes a quick dash towards the assassin, grabbing onto something that at first glance seems to be nothing more than empty air.

"Let go of me, damn it!" Albert says, as he is now slowly coming out of invisibility, revealing to us the fact that Hadrik had apparently grabbed him by his leg. "Let go of me, or I swear I will stab you for real this time!"

"Hey, all you have to do is 'admit defeat' and I'll let you go, friend!" Hadrik says, with a smirk. "There's no need to be so upset. It's only a friendly sparring match, after all!"


[11] "Hey, all you have to do is 'admit defeat' and I'll let you go, friend!" Hadrik says, with a smirk. "There's no need to be so upset. It's only a friendly sparring match, after all!"

All of a sudden, Peter extends his hands towards Hadrik and he shoots a powerful lightning attack out of his palms. As Hadrik is being shocked by the electrical current that is passing through his body, Albert tries to free himself, but the dwarf keeps holding onto him tightly and he doesn't let him escape.It seems that the assassin is not being affected at all by the electric attack, even if Hadrik is still holding him by the leg. Does this mean that he has some sort of item granting him immunity against electricity?

"You're... going to... have to do better than that!" Hadrik tells Peter, as he is holding back the pain from the electrical current. "Compared to the attacks of Kate's elementalist friend, this is like child's play!"    

"What the hell?" Daren says, as he turns towards the king of the underground. "Since when is Peter a part of the test? You never told us that he would be shooting lightning at-- NGH!"

As Daren was talking, Peter changed his mind and decided to target him instead of Hadrik, casting a lightning spell on Daren as soon as he exposed his back to him.


[12] "Let go of me, damn it!" Albert says, as he is now slowly coming out of invisibility, revealing to us the fact that Hadrik had apparently grabbed him by his leg. "Let go of me, or I swear I will stab you for real this time!"

"Hey, all you have to do is 'admit defeat' and I'll let you go, friend!" Hadrik says, with a smirk. "There's no need to be so upset. It's only a friendly sparring match, after all!"

All of a sudden, Peter extends his hands towards Hadrik and he shoots a powerful lightning attack out of his palms. As Hadrik is being shocked by the electrical current that is passing through his body, Albert tries to free himself, but the dwarf keeps holding onto him tightly and he doesn't let him escape.It seems that the assassin is not being affected at all by the electric attack, even if Hadrik is still holding him by the leg. Does this mean that he has some sort of item granting him immunity against electricity?

"You're... going to... have to do better than that!" Hadrik tells Peter, as he is holding back the pain from the electrical current. "Compared to the attacks of Kate's elementalist friend, this is like child's play!"    

"What the hell?" Daren says, as he turns towards the king of the underground. "Since when is Peter a part of the test? You never told us that he would be shooting lightning at-- NGH!"

As Daren was talking, Peter changed his mind and decided to target him instead of Hadrik, casting a lightning spell on Daren as soon as he exposed his back to him.


[13] All of a sudden an intense pain takes hold of me, as I feel a powerful electric current passing through my body. Albert, on the other hand, seems completely unaffected by the lighting attack even though I'm still holding him by the arms, and he takes advantage of my loss of focus to break himself free and to turn invisible again.

Damn it, I lost sight of him again. How is he still fine after getting shocked like that? Does he have some item that makes him immune against electric attacks?

"What the hell?" Daren says. "Since when is Peter a part of the test? You never told us that he would be shooting lightning at-- NGH!"

As Daren was talking, Albert apparently took advantage of his confusion to stab him in the back of his knee, because I can see some blood dripping along his ankle.


[14] All of a sudden, I feel a powerful electric current passing through my body. While this may be a rather painful sensation, it is definitely not unmanageable. I probably have my aura hardening stat to thank for my increased resistance to lightning attacks.

While I'm still being shocked, Albert tries to free himself again but I hold onto him tight and do not let him go. The assassin does not seem to be affected at all by the electric attack, even if I'm holding him by the arms. Does this mean that he has some sort of item granting him immunity against electricity?

"What the hell?" Daren says, as he turns towards the king of the underground. "Since when is Peter a part of the test? You never told us that he would be shooting lightning at-- NGH!"

As Daren was talking, Peter changed his mind and decided to target him instead of me, casting a lightning spell on Daren as soon as he exposed his back to him.


[15] He then eases the pressure above us so that we can get back up.

"I expect to see you gone from our base as soon as you're done saying your goodbyes," the king says. "Unless of course you were speaking the truth about still wanting to heal the sick people from the quarantine area, in which case, you will of course be allowed to return one more time."

"I wasn't lying," Daren says, as he casts a quick healing spell on himself and then heads towards me to heal me as well. "I will heal all of those people."

"As you wish," the king of the underground says, and then he makes Daren's sword fly back into his hand. "Here is your sword. You might want to take better care of it from now on. What I personally recommend is that you learn some basic aura manipulation. It is easy to use on objects that you are very familiar with, and it would help you to retrieve your sword when it gets stolen from you again. Just keep practicing until you can make your sword fly back to your hand from at least fifty feet away. I'm sure that you'll get the hang of it eventually."

"Thank you for the hint," Daren says. "I'll see if I can figure it out."


[16] He then eases the pressure above us so that we can get back up.

"Wonderful," Daren says. "Can I have my weapon back, now?"  

"Of course," the king of the underground says, and then he makes Daren's sword fly back into his hand. "Here is your sword. You might want to take better care of it from now on. What I personally recommend is that you learn some basic aura manipulation. It is easy to use on objects that you are very familiar with, and it would help you to retrieve your sword when it gets stolen from you again. Just keep practicing until you can make your sword fly back to your hand from at least fifty feet away. I'm sure that you'll get the hang of it eventually." 

"Huh," Daren says. "I never actually tried doing anything of the sort, but I guess it's worth a shot. Thanks."


[17]  "Right, right," I say. "Goodbye, I guess."

As we are about to exit the throne room, we hear some whispers behind us, and soon afterwards the king calls out to us.


[18] "Right, right," I say. "Goodbye, I guess."

"Oh, and just to be clear..." the king of the underground says. "Leila was not being tested along with the rest of you earlier. As far as I know, she was not involved in the murder of the Earl of Ollendor, so there is no reason for us to kick her out of our base, especially since she is also the daughter of doctor Reidzek. That being said, she can obviously still join you in the fight against the king of Ollendor, if that is her wish."

"I understand," Leila writes. "Thank you for letting me know."

As we are about to exit the throne room, we hear some whispers behind us, and soon afterwards the king calls out to us.


[19] "Illuna, are you done learning that spell yet?" Flower says. "Illuna, come on... I need to talk to you about something. It's... It's about the way I've been acting lately... Hey, are you listening to me?"

"You still haven't talked to her yet?" I ask Flower.

"No!" Flower says. "I have no idea what she's doing! Even during that fight with the king of the underground and his men I could barely get her to pay attention."

"Okay, I found Kelrim!" Daren says in a loud voice, as he and the goblin are now walking out of the quarantine zone. "Are you all ready to go?"

"We're still waiting for Leila," I tell him. "She went to tell her father that we're going to the--"

"I'm back!" we see Leila's writing in front of us, as she is now running towards us. "We can go now."

"Have you been running this whole time?" I ask Leila when she gets closer. "You're sweating like crazy!"

"Considering that I have my speed stat maxed, I may as well be using it, right?" Leila writes, as she is still breathing a bit heavily. "Don't worry about me. I'll just rest while we walk."


[20] "Today is Flower's birthday?!" Kate asks, shocked, when she gets closer and reads the letters on the cake.

"Yes, that is what the writing on the cake says," Illuna answers her, bluntly.

"Flower, why didn't you tell us that it was your birthday today?" Kate says.

"Well, everyone had more important things to worry about, so I didn't really want to-- hold on a minute..." Flower says, as she gets close to the cake and then begins to count the candles one by one, using her index finger.

Once she is done counting them the first time, she starts to count them again but much slower, as if it was hard for her to believe what she was seeing.

"I-I-Illuna..." Flower says, in a trembling voice. "A-are there exactly thirty candles on top of this cake?"

"Of course there are," Illuna says. "You can still count, can't you?"

"D-does this mean what I think it means?" Flower says.

"No, this does not mean that I now consider you to be an adult," Illuna says. "And no matter how many times you will call me Illuna or act as if you were a grown-up, that is still not going to change. However... I've given this some more thought, and I've... arrived at the conclusion that I CAN make a concession and accept to call you a thirty-year-old, if it really means that much to you... It will still take a little bit of time getting used to the idea, but--"


[21] "Flower, why didn't you tell us that it was your birthday today?" Kate says.

"Well, everyone had more important things to worry about, so I didn't really want to-- hold on a minute..." Flower says, as she gets close to the cake and then begins to count the candles one by one, using her index finger.

Once she is done counting them the first time, she starts to count them again but much slower, as if it was hard for her to believe what she was seeing.

"I-I-Illuna..." Flower says, in a trembling voice. "A-are there exactly thirty candles on top of this cake?"

"Of course there are," Illuna says. "You can still count, can't you?"

"D-does this mean what I think it means?" Flower says.

"No, this does not mean that I now consider you to be an adult," Illuna says. "And no matter how many times you will call me Illuna or act as if you were a grown-up, that is still not going to change. However... I've given this some more thought, and I've... arrived at the conclusion that I CAN make a concession and accept to call you a thirty-year-old, if it really means that much to you... It will still take a little bit of time getting used to the idea, but--"


[22] "It's too bad that Rose isn't here with us," I say. "It would have been nice to give her a slice of cake, considering that she helped out too last night."

"I know..." Flower says, as she is cutting another slice of cake. "I'll make sure to conjure another cake just for her the next time we meet. Here's your slice, Kelrim!"

"Oh," Kelrim says, as he takes the plate with the slice of cake. "Thank you!"

"You're welcome!" Flower says, as she now looks at the rest of us and sees that we each have a plate in our hands. "Hmm... I think I know what to do with this last slice."

Flower conjures a small plate with a knife and fork and she puts the last slice of cake on it. She then goes over to the quarantine area entrance, and she extends her hands with the plate to Desmond, who is still guarding the door.

"It's my birthday!" Flower says, smiling, as Desmond looks at her confused.

"Oh..." Desmond says, as he grabs the plate from her hands. "Well, thanks, I guess..."

As Flower is returning to us, Desmond calls out to her in a loud voice.

"Hey!" Desmond says. "Happy birthday!"

"Thank you!" Flower says, as she waves at him happily, and then she comes back to us.


[23] "Here is your slice, Kelrim!" Flower says, as she offers the second to last slice of the cake to the goblin.

"Oh," Kelrim says, as he takes the plate with the slice of cake. "Thank you!"

"You're welcome!" Flower says, as she now looks at the rest of us and sees that we each have a plate in our hands. "Hmm... I think I know what to do with this last slice."

Flower conjures a small plate with a knife and fork and she puts the last slice of cake on it. She then goes over to the quarantine area entrance, and she extends her hands with the plate to Desmond, who is still guarding the door.

"It's my birthday!" Flower says, smiling, as Desmond looks at her confused.

"Oh..." Desmond says, as he grabs the plate from her hands. "Well, thanks, I guess..."

As Flower is returning to us, Desmond calls out to her in a loud voice.

"Hey!" Desmond says. "Happy birthday!"

"Thank you!" Flower says, as she waves at him happily, and then she comes back to us.


[24] As all the others except Melindra are looking at me too shocked to speak, Flower lets out a loud gasp, while covering her mouth with both her hands.

"Hey, what do you know!" Melindra says, with a smug smile as she pats me hard on the back. "Looks like spending the entire night shift teaching you about rocks wasn't a wasted effort after all! We'll make a rock collector out of you yet!"

"I wouldn't count on it," I tell her.

"Oh my gods!" Flower says. "Barry actually learned to tell which types of rocks we like to collect. I can't believe it. This is the best birthday ever!"

We ended up spending the rest of the trip towards the teleporter room eating cake, drinking dwarven ale and helping Flower pick up a few rocks from the cave that she would use to start her very own collection. The time we got to celebrate Flower's birthday was short, but even so, it looked like she genuinely enjoyed it, and so did we. By the time we were done eating our cake, all of us were feeling completely refreshed, and we were now ready to begin the next chapter of our adventure.

