
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] When our four hours were up, we went back to our room to wake up Kate and Leila. As the two of them were getting ready to take the next shift, Hadrik got up from his bed as well, saying that he wanted to practice his new techniques for a few hours in one of the emptier corridors. Once Hadrik, Kate and Leila left, Flower, Melindra and I went to sleep and we didn't wake up again until roughly four hours later, when everyone was already packing their bags and getting ready to leave. 

After quickly packing our bags as well, we called Hadrik on the transceiver and then we all met with him outside our room, so that we could head for the waiting room together.

"You doing okay, Hadrik?" Daren says, as he pats Hadrik on the shoulder while we are walking through one of the corridors. "Don't forget that you can always talk to us if you feel like there's something you need to get off your chest."

"I appreciate the concern, Daren, but you don't need to worry about me," Hadrik says. "I was having a bit of a bad day yesterday, but after a good night's sleep I feel completely refreshed and I'm all ready for a rematch! When are we leaving for the surface?"

"We'll leave as soon as we meet up with Kelrim," Daren says. "He's probably in the quarantine zone already, so I'll go get him as soon as we reach the waiting room."

"Are Illuna and Arraka with us too, or do we need to wake them up?" I say. "I haven't heard a word from either of them this morning."


[3] "Sure thing. Let's go."

Albert nods and then he begins to walk towards the throne room, as the rest of us move to follow him.

After walking for a while, we finally reach the room where the king was waiting for us and we seat ourselves down on the empty chairs that are facing the throne. As we are taking our seats, Albert walks past us and he goes to join Peter, who is currently standing behind the king's throne. It seems that the two guards that are usually by the king's side have not been invited this time around. The only people here except for our group are the king of the underground, Albert and Peter.


[4] "Psst, Albert! You forgot to put on your fake smile when you asked us to come with you."

"I did not forget," Albert says, in an acid tone. "I see no reason to smile at this moment, and especially not to you. Now, are you going to follow me or not?"

"I suppose the king of the underground wouldn't have asked for a meeting so early in the morning if it weren't important..." Daren says. "Alright, let's see what he wants. Lead the way."

Albert nods and then he begins to walk towards the throne room, as the rest of us move to follow him.

After walking for a while, we finally reach the room where the king was waiting for us and we seat ourselves down on the empty chairs that are facing the throne. As we are taking our seats, Albert walks past us and he goes to join Peter, who is currently standing behind the king's throne. It seems that the two guards that are usually by the king's side have not been invited this time around. The only people here except for our group are the king of the underground, Albert and Peter.


[5] "Your king can wait. First, we need to find Kelrim."

"I don't think I've made myself clear enough," Albert says, in a menacing tone. "I wasn't giving you an option. You WILL follow me to the throne room."

"Or what?" I say.

When he hears me, Albert gets an angry look in his eyes and he begins to walk towards me.

"Hey, hey, there's no need to get so upset," Daren says, as he places himself in front of Albert to stop him from advancing. "We're all friends here, right? Or at the very least we're somewhat on the same side. If your king's meeting is so important that it can't be delayed, then I'll just have to talk to Kelrim a little later. I'm guessing that he's in the quarantine area, right?"

"The goblin is indeed in the quarantine zone," Albert says. "You can speak to him after you return. Now follow me."

"Alright," Daren says. "Lead the way."

Albert nods and then he begins to walk towards the throne room, as the rest of us move to follow him.

After walking for a while, we finally reach the room where the king was waiting for us and we seat ourselves down on the empty chairs that are facing the throne. As we are taking our seats, Albert walks past us and he goes to join Peter, who is currently standing behind the king's throne. It seems that the two guards that are usually by the king's side have not been invited this time around. The only people here except for our group are the king of the underground, Albert and Peter.


[6] "Y-yes, your highness," the ambassador says, in a trembling voice. "I am certain of it. We've brought home his lifeless body as proof. Our mages did all they could to preserve the body with their spells, but it has been more than a week since his death, so you should be warned that the sight of him will be a bit shocking..."

"How did this happen?" the king asks, with the same calm voice.

"He was... attacked in the middle of the street by some tournament participants," the ambassador says. "The earl... fought valiantly for his life, but the mages used cowardly tactics to--"

"Some tournament participants did this?" the king asks. "How is this possible? Why haven't they been sent back to their own continents by the spell that prevents them from hurting the people of Varathia?"

"Yes, I am interested to know this as well!" Eiden says. "Tell us, ambassador, how were those villainous mages able to bypass such a reliable and non-exploitable protection spell?"

Even though I can't see them talking, I can easily imagine the smirk that Eiden must have on his face at this point in the conversation, as he is looking at the ambassador with his eyes closed, waiting for an answer.

"Aren't you going to answer them, ambassador?" the captain of the royal guards says, after a long pause.


[7] "So my brother's killers were on my doorstep this whole time..." the king of Ollendor says, this time controlling the anger in his voice. "Captain, you told me that your men were almost able to apprehend some of these intruders before they teleported away at the last minute. Do you think that they are still inside the city?"

"Most definitely, your highness," the captain says. "Biliborrathrathsarran assured us that the invisible barrier he created around the city prevents anyone from teleporting past our walls using any conventional spells. The only way to get in or out of this city is through the city gates. Wherever these criminals are hiding, it must be inside the city."

"Then it is clear what we must do..." the king of Ollendor says, and then he takes a short pause before he speaks again. "Captain, I want the guards to scour every inch of this city until you find these mages, starting now. I don't care if it's almost night time. Wake up every single guard that we have and tell them to look in every nook and every cranny until there is no place left to hide. If our citizens refuse to open the doors to their houses, then you can assume that they are trying to harbor criminals and you are permitted to kill them on the spot. Nobody is allowed to enter or leave the city until all of my brother's murderers are found and executed. This city is going into full lockdown and you, ambassador, are going to oversee this whole operation, together with the captain."

"Me?..." the ambassador asks, in a slightly fearful tone.


[8] "I think the quality of the recording was very good."

"I think so as well," the king of the underground says. "We've invested a lot of money in these devices and I can say that I am very happy with them. Now, is there perhaps something else you would like to say to us aside from this?"

"Listen," Daren says. "I know this situation looks really bad, but I promise that we can fix it!"

"People are dying up there, healer," the king of the underground says, with a grave tone in his voice. "The guards are currently still wreaking havoc through the city, knocking down doors and killing anyone that dares to oppose them. We've evacuated the families of all the rebels from the surface already, but there is neither enough space nor air here in the underground to provide shelter for the entire population of the city. Even now there are people being murdered in their very homes because the king's men are still searching for you. These people would not have died if you hadn't entered this city. Their blood is on your hands."

"I understand, and I am truly sorry," Daren says. "I did not know that it would come to this. We thought that we would have more time before the arrival of the ambassador, and we did not fully consider the consequences of our actions. But we can still help. Our objectives remain the same, and they still align with yours. If we could organize ourselves to attack the king of Ollendor together, then maybe--"


[9] "I... guess the cat's out of the bag?"

"It is indeed," the king of the underground says. "But surely you have more to comment on this than just stating the obvious, don't you?"

"Listen," Daren says. "I know this situation looks really bad, but I promise that we can fix it!"

"People are dying up there, healer," the king of the underground says, with a grave tone in his voice. "The guards are currently still wreaking havoc through the city, knocking down doors and killing anyone that dares to oppose them. We've evacuated the families of all the rebels from the surface already, but there is neither enough space nor air here in the underground to provide shelter for the entire population of the city. Even now there are people being murdered in their very homes because the king's men are still searching for you. These people would not have died if you hadn't entered this city. Their blood is on your hands."

"I understand, and I am truly sorry," Daren says. "I did not know that it would come to this. We thought that we would have more time before the arrival of the ambassador, and we did not fully consider the consequences of our actions. But we can still help. Our objectives remain the same, and they still align with yours. If we could organize ourselves to attack the king of Ollendor together, then maybe--"


[10] "I swear we were going to tell you about the fact that we killed the king's brother!"

"I'm sure you were," the king of the underground says. "Nevertheless, what is important is that we now know the information. So, is there anything else that you would like to say to us?"

"Listen," Daren says. "I know this situation looks really bad, but I promise that we can fix it!"

"People are dying up there, healer," the king of the underground says, with a grave tone in his voice. "The guards are currently still wreaking havoc through the city, knocking down doors and killing anyone that dares to oppose them. We've evacuated the families of all the rebels from the surface already, but there is neither enough space nor air here in the underground to provide shelter for the entire population of the city. Even now there are people being murdered in their very homes because the king's men are still searching for you. These people would not have died if you hadn't entered this city. Their blood is on your hands."

"I understand, and I am truly sorry," Daren says. "I did not know that it would come to this. We thought that we would have more time before the arrival of the ambassador, and we did not fully consider the consequences of our actions. But we can still help. Our objectives remain the same, and they still align with yours. If we could organize ourselves to attack the king of Ollendor together, then maybe--"


[11] "That is likely what it will come down to, yes," the king of the underground says.

"So, what's this test going to be about?" Hadrik says. "Do you have some really strong fighters that you want us to beat?"

The king, Albert and Peter exchange a few looks before the king addresses us again.

"Yes, I suppose that would be one way to put it," the king says. "But first, let me ask you all a question. Have you not found it odd that someone as cautious as me would usually hold these meetings with so few of my own men to protect me?"

"I did find it a bit strange, now that you mention it," Daren says. "And what I'm finding even stranger is that you have even less security now than in our last two meetings. You used to have two guards by your side before, but now you only have Peter and Albert. Why did you avoid bringing your usual two guards if you knew that today's discussion might lead to a confrontation?"

"Oh, the answer to that question is quite simple," the king says. "It's because they would be in our way."

All of a sudden, an invisible force from above pushes us into the ground so hard that it breaks the wooden chairs we were sitting on into pieces. I try to get up, but due to the ridiculous amount of pressure that is pushing me against the floor, I can barely move a muscle. I eventually manage to turn my head a little, and I realize that all the others except Melindra and Leila are also lying on their backs just like me, unable to move. As I continue to lie there on the ground, trying to figure out what happened, I hear Arraka bursting into laughter.


[12] "Oh, now I understand!" the king says, as he looks at Daren. "You were imagining yourself untying an invisible knot with your sword just now, weren't you? Not bad! Alright, you've passed the first phase of the test. Albert, you are free to commence the second phase whenever you are ready."

"Yes, my king," Albert says, and a few seconds later he completely vanishes into thin air.

"What did he do?..." Hadrik says, as he looks around the room, trying to figure out where Albert disappeared. "Was that an invisibility spell?"

"It's more than just an invisibility spell," the king says. "What Albert is using right now is an ability that only the most skilled assassins can learn. He is completely concealing his presence. Not only is he not visible to you, but you also won't be able to hear him, smell him or even feel his aura. From your point of view, he may as well not be in this room at all."

"Oh, so it's similar to Eiden's invisibility spell, then," I say. "Arraka, I'm guessing you know where he is?"


[13] 

No matter how skilled Albert is, his feet still need to touch the ground when he is walking from one place to another. If I listen really carefully, maybe I'll be able to figure out where he'll strike next.

I attempt to focus on any sound that may resemble footsteps, blocking all other noises from my mind. Unfortunately, it seems that I might have underestimated the assassin's ability, because despite my best efforts I simply cannot hear any sounds coming from the ground.


[14] 



No matter how skilled Albert is, his feet still need to touch the ground when he is walking from one place to another. If I listen really carefully, maybe I'll be able to figure out where he'll strike next.

I attempt to focus on any sound that may resemble footsteps, blocking all other noises from my mind. Unfortunately, it seems that I might have underestimated the assassin's ability, because even with my Hearing stat maxed I simply cannot hear any sounds coming from the ground.

If only I would have some sort of way to temporarily increase my hearing stat beyond its current maximum level, things might be different, but I don't think my stat device is capable of anything like that.


[15] 



No matter how skilled Albert is, his feet still need to touch the ground when he is walking from one place to another. If I listen really carefully, maybe I'll be able to figure out where he'll strike next.

I attempt to focus on any sound that may resemble footsteps, blocking all other noises from my mind. Unfortunately, it seems that I might have underestimated the assassin's ability, because even with my Hearing stat maxed I simply cannot hear any sounds coming from the ground.

But what if I were to use the secret code that I know from Melindra in order to temporarily boost my Hearing stat? Would that be enough to hear him moving?

I quickly take out my stat device from my pocket and my crossbow from my backpack. I then insert the code that Melindra told me about and I immediately grab my crossbow with both hands, knowing that I only have a few seconds to react before the temporary stat boost wears off.

I can hear the steps now. They're barely audible even with this stat level, but I can hear them. I need to shoot him quickly, before the effect wears off. But I shouldn't hit him in a vital spot. He did his best not to kill Hadrik, after all.


[16] 

"Hey, Albert, you do realize that I can tell where you are, right?" I say. "You might want to try making some less obvious movements, because right now it's like you're begging to be shot with a crossbow in the chest."

No answer. Not even a sound. It looks like my bluff didn't have any effect on him whatsoever. I guess I'm going to have to find some other way to make him reveal his location.


[17] 

"Hey, Albert, you do realize that I can tell where you are, right?" I say. "You might want to try making some less obvious movements, because right now it's like you're begging to be shot with a crossbow in the chest."

It looks like my bluff had an effect on him, because all of a sudden we hear several loud steps, as the assassin tries to quickly get away from the position in which he thinks I spotted him. Kate does not miss this opportunity and she shoots an icicle at him as fast as she can. Instead of hitting him, however, the icicle makes a loud clanging noise and it changes direction, falling to the ground. 

Realizing that this was Albert deflecting the projectile with his dagger while still invisible, Hadrik wastes no time and he makes a quick dash towards the assassin, grabbing onto something that at first glance seems to be nothing more than empty air.

"Let go of me, damn it!" Albert says, as he is now slowly coming out of invisibility, revealing to us the fact that Hadrik had apparently grabbed him by his leg. "Let go of me, or I swear I will stab you for real this time!"


[18] 

The king said that Albert is concealing his aura, but maybe if I concentrate as hard as I can I'll be able to catch a glimpse of it. I attempt to block most of my other senses from my mind and I concentrate only on reading the auras around me.

No matter how hard I try, it is impossible for me to sense any auras except for the ones of the people that I can already see. I guess I'm going to have to find some other way to make him reveal his location.


[19] 



The king said that Albert is concealing his aura, but maybe if I concentrate as hard as I can I'll be able to catch a glimpse of it. I attempt to block most of my other senses from my mind and I concentrate only on reading the auras around me.

It feels like I can detect some vague traces of his aura around the room, but it's very difficult to pinpoint their exact location.

As I look around the room some more, I realize that even at its maximum level, my magical sense stat just isn't enough to help me figure out the assassin's whereabouts in a reliable manner.


[20] 



The king said that Albert is concealing his aura, but maybe if I concentrate as hard as I can I'll be able to catch a glimpse of it. I attempt to block most of my other senses from my mind and I concentrate only on reading the auras around me.

It feels like I can detect some vague traces of his aura around the room, but it's very difficult to pinpoint their exact location.

As I look around the room some more, I realize that in a certain area where I've sensed Albert's aura, the miniscule specks of dust flying through the air are moving in an unnatural way. I would have never noticed this if I hadn't been focusing on this specific spot, but now that I've seen them, it should be easy enough for me to figure out in which direction the assassin is heading.

I quickly pull out my crossbow from my backpack and I shoot at the place where the dust in the air is moving the most erratically, trying to avoid hitting a vital spot as much as possible. To my surprise, instead of hitting my target, the crossbow bolt clangs against a metal surface and it falls to the ground. Realizing that this was Albert deflecting the projectile with his dagger while still invisible, Hadrik wastes no time and he makes a quick dash towards the assassin, grabbing onto something that at first glance seems to be nothing more than empty air.


[21] I decide to do nothing for the time being and to just wait and see what happens. The room is silent for a while, as we all try to figure out who the assassin will try to attack.


[22] 

While I stand there, thinking of what to do next, Hadrik decides that he's done waiting and he chooses to taunt his opponent instead.

"What's the matter, Albert?" Hadrik says. "Scared already?"

Shortly after Hadrik is done speaking, I feel a sharp pain coming from the right side of my abdomen, and when I look down I realize that I am already bleeding. I quickly put some pressure on the wound with my hand to stop the blood from coming out, but it hurts like hell, and it's making it very difficult for me to concentrate.

"Ah, crap!" Daren says. "Barry, hang on, I'm coming over!"

Before he even takes his first step towards me, we hear a stifled groan coming from Daren as he puts his hand on the back of his left knee, which is now beginning to bleed.

"What the hell, man?!" Daren shouts at Albert. "I was going to heal-- NGH!"

As he was finishing his sentence, Daren got blasted by a powerful bolt of lightning that made him drop to one knee. It looks like the spell came from Peter, who finally decided to join the battle as well.

"Hey, that's not fair!" Hadrik says. "Since when is Peter a part of the test?"


[23] 

While I stand there, thinking of what to do next, Hadrik decides that he's done waiting and he chooses to taunt his opponent instead.

"What's the matter, Albert?" Hadrik says. "Scared already?"

Shortly after Hadrik is done speaking, I feel a sharp pain coming from the right side of my abdomen, and when I look down I realize that I am already bleeding. The assassin's invisible blade was apparently sharp enough that even with my level of toughness it could pass through my skin and muscles as if they were paper. I quickly put some pressure on the wound with my hand to stop the blood from coming out, but it hurts like hell, and it's making it very difficult for me to concentrate.

"Ah, crap!" Daren says. "Barry, hang on, I'm coming over!"

Before he even takes his first step towards me, we hear a stifled groan coming from Daren as he puts his hand on the back of his left knee, which is now beginning to bleed.

"What the hell, man?!" Daren shouts at Albert. "I was going to heal-- NGH!"

As he was finishing his sentence, Daren got blasted by a powerful bolt of lightning that made him drop to one knee. It looks like the spell came from Peter, who finally decided to join the battle as well.

"Hey, that's not fair!" Hadrik says. "Since when is Peter a part of the test?"


[24] 



While I stand there, thinking of what to do next, I suddenly get a premonition in which I see myself being stabbed in the right side of the abdomen by an invisible blade. I'm also pretty sure that Hadrik was about to say something right before I got attacked in the vision.

My attacker should be coming from the right side, so as long as I can figure out when exactly he will strike, I should be able to--

"What's the matter, Albert?" Hadrik asks all of a sudden. "Scared already?"

As soon as I hear Hadrik's words, I know exactly what will happen next, and I immediately turn to my right, extending my arms in front of me in order to grab onto Albert right before he attacks me. My attempt is successful, as the assassin is now slowly turning visible again, while trying to break free of my grasp.

"You'd better let go of me if you don't want to lose an arm," Albert says, in a menacing tone. "I'm warning you."

"Lose an arm?" I say. "In a mock battle? Don't you think you're taking this a little too personally?"


[25] "Surely you didn't think that you would only be fighting Albert in the second phase of the test, did you?" the king of the underground says. "Peter was obviously only giving you a head start. That is the only reason why he hadn't attacked you until now."

When Kate hears what the king had to say, she immediately conjures three ice cones out of thin air and she sends them flying towards him. Sadly, the icicles don't even get close to their target, as they are all easily deflected by an invisible force.

"A solid effort!" the king tells Kate. "But not good enough, I'm afraid."

Once again, the king pushes every one of us except Melindra and Leila into the ground with his invisible force, but this time he also uses his aura manipulation technique to twist Daren's right wrist until he lets go of his sword. The king then makes the sword float all the way to his position, and he grabs it in his hand.

"As Kate has already guessed, phase two was in fact a fight against Albert, Peter and me," the king of the underground says. "We weren't really expecting you to win, but we at least wanted to see how much of a fight you could put up. Unfortunately, even though you were able to undo my aura manipulation technique during the first phase, you weren't able to incapacitate a single one of us in the second part of the test, despite the fact that Peter and I left you plenty of time to do something about Albert. As a result, I am sad to say that you have failed our test."


[26] "Surely you didn't think that you would only be fighting Albert in the second phase of the test, did you?" the king of the underground says. "Peter was obviously only giving you a head start. That is the only reason why he hadn't attacked you until now."

When Kate hears what the king had to say, she immediately conjures three ice cones out of thin air and she sends them flying towards him. Sadly, the icicles don't even get close to their target, as they are all easily deflected by an invisible force.

"A solid effort!" the king tells Kate. "But not good enough, I'm afraid."

Once again, the king pushes every one of us except Melindra and Leila into the ground with his invisible force, but this time he also uses his aura manipulation technique to twist Daren's right wrist until he lets go of his sword. The king then makes the sword float all the way to his position, and he grabs it in his hand.

"As Kate has already guessed, phase two was in fact a fight against Albert, Peter and me," the king of the underground says. "We weren't really expecting you to win, but we at least wanted to see how much of a fight you could put up. I will say that it was not a bad performance. I wasn't expecting you to be able to both capture and hold onto Albert for as long as you did, and I also didn't think that Daren would be able to use his sword to undo my aura manipulation technique. Seeing you in action made me think that we might actually be able to work together to achieve our common goals. Congratulations! You have passed the test."


[27] "Why did none of you attack Melindra and Leila during the test?"

"Well, Melindra invited you here specifically because she couldn't hurt locals herself," the king says, "so testing her would have been a little pointless, don't you think? And as for Leila, she is not one of the people that were involved in the murder of the Earl of Ollendor as far as I am aware, so we were never going to kick her out, especially since she's also the daughter of doctor Reidzek. Whether she wants to stay here or join you in the battle against the king of Ollendor is of course another matter altogether. Anyway, I believe you should all know the way to the teleporter room by now, so hopefully you'll forgive us for not escorting you on your way out. I bid you farewell!"


[28] "Why did you become a royal guard?"

"What can I say?" the king answers me. "There was a time when I used to be young and naive. Our schools are made in such a way that they brainwash you from a very young age into thinking that our kingdom is the greatest of them all, that the royalty is always working for the good of the people and that there could be no greater honor than to be a royal guard. My parents avoided telling me their true opinions about our kingdom out of fear that I might give them away to my school teachers by mistake, so I only found out how the world really worked after I began serving as a royal guard. This discovery was of course what led me to leave the royal guards at the age of twenty-nine and to form my very own little kingdom here, in these underground tunnels. Anyway, I hope this answer satisfied your curiosity. I believe you should all know the way to the teleporter room by now, so hopefully you'll forgive us for not escorting you on your way out. I bid you farewell!"   


[29] "Do you and the royal guard captain have mage specializations aside from aura manipulation?"

"Not necessarily specializations, but we can use regular spells like other mages," the king of the underground says. "The captain of the guards likes to use his aura manipulation most of the time, because it's very effective and hard to counter, but he's been known to also use other types of spells whenever he felt like he was being cornered. We don't know exactly how many spells he can cast, so I recommend being careful when you fight with him, even if it feels like you are gaining the upper hand during a battle. Anyway, I hope this has answered your question. I believe you should all know the way to the teleporter room by now, so hopefully you'll forgive us for not escorting you on your way out. I bid you farewell!" 


[30] "So, did any of you guys know that the king of the underground and Peter were mages before they revealed their powers to us earlier?" Leila writes to us, as we walk further down the corridor. "I was honestly taken completely by surprise..."

"You could tell that they were mages if you looked closely at their auras, but I'll admit that the king's level of power surprised me a little as well," Melindra says. "I did not realize that he was suppressing the magic in his aura to such a degree."

"Let's hope that we won't need to fight them in the future," Daren says. "We've already got our hands full with the royal guards and the rest of the king's army as it is."

A few minutes later when we reach the waiting room, Daren tells us to wait for him while he goes to get Kelrim from the quarantine area. Meanwhile, Leila takes this opportunity to pay a quick visit to her father's workshop, so she can tell him where we're headed. As we are waiting for the two of them to return, Flower tries once again to begin a conversation with Illuna, although it looks like she's still being ignored.


[31] "Hey, I'm sure we can wait two more minutes for you to catch your breath!" I say. "Right, Daren?"

"Oh yeah, sure!" Daren says. "It's not a problem."

We decide to wait a few more minutes until Leila is good to go, and then we begin to head for the exit that leads towards the room with the teleporter. Just as we are about to make our first steps, we hear Flower's voice, as her eyes turn bright blue.

"Wait!" Illuna says, and we all stop in our tracks.

"Illuna?" Flower says. "Are you finally done practicing that spell?"

"I wouldn't say it's completely done, but at least I managed to get all the letters right," Illuna says."Step aside. I'm going to be conjuring a lot of plates."

Illuna then makes some gestures with her hands, and a large plate with a chocolate cake appears on the ground in front of us, along with several other small plates that are surrounding the larger plate and that each have a knife and a fork on top of them. There are a lot of unlit candles on top of the cake, and now that I take a better look at it, I see that there are also letters written on its surface with frosting. The letters spell 'Happy birthday Flower!'.

"I’m not as good as Flower at using the food creation spell so I needed a little time to make all the preparations, " Illuna says, "but I think that--"


[32] "Well, if you're sure you're fine then I suppose we should get going."

Shortly after I'm done talking, we all begin to head for the exit that leads towards the room with the teleporter. Just as we are about to make our first steps, we hear Flower's voice, as her eyes turn bright blue.

"Wait!" Illuna says, and we all stop in our tracks.

"Illuna?" Flower says. "Are you finally done practicing that spell?"

"Well, I could have used a few more minutes to at least get all the letters right, but let's say it's mostly done," Illuna says. "Step aside. I'm going to be conjuring a lot of plates."

Illuna then makes some gestures with her hands, and a large plate with a chocolate cake appears on the ground in front of us, along with several other small plates that are surrounding the larger plate and that each have a knife and a fork on top of them. There are a lot of unlit candles on top of the cake, and now that I take a better look at it, I see that there are also letters written on its surface with frosting. The letters spell 'Happy birday Flower!'.

"Happy 'birday' Flower?" Hadrik asks.

"It's obviously supposed to say 'birthday', but I already said that I didn't have time to--" Illuna says.

"Today is Flower's birthday?!" Kate asks, shocked.

"Yes, that's what the cake is for," Illuna says, mildly annoyed.


[33] "Hey, cut it out!" Melindra says, pulling her hand away, as I see her getting flustered for the first time since I've met her. "There's no need to thank me! We're friends, remember? And besides, I barely even did anything!"

"That's not true!" Flower says. "You helped us a lot! You both did! Petal and I might have still been fighting today if it weren't for you! Thank you so much!"

"Ahem!" we hear Hadrik's voice, who is standing near the plates.

It looks like while the rest of us were busy talking, Hadrik used a tinderbox that he had in his backpack to light all of the candles on the cake.

"So, are you going to blow out these candles or what?" Hadrik asks Flower, as he is now holding the plate with the cake in his hands.

 "Yes!" Flower says, excited, as she runs towards the cake. "Yes, of course!"

She then leans forward and she blows on the candles as hard as she can, until none of them are burning anymore. After we all wish her a happy birthday, she begins to cut slices of the cake and to share them with everyone around.


[34] "Hey, so if I'm now officially thirty years old, does that mean that I get to drink alcohol?" Flower asks us, excited.

"No!" we all say in unison.

"Aww..." Flower says.

"Don't be too upset, Flower," Hadrik says, as he takes a sip from his mug. "You may not always be able to have everything you want in life, but that doesn't mean that you can't make the most of what you get! For example, you might not get to drink with us now, but just look at how many rocks are on the ground all around you. While the rest of us are busy with our drinking, you could be snatching up a rare rock that would put Melindra's collection to shame!"

"Nah," I tell Hadrik. "The rocks from here won't be any good for them. Half of them are too small, and the other half either don't have the right shades of colors or their surfaces are too smooth. I wouldn't be surprised if Melindra already got all the rocks that they would consider valuable the very first time when we walked through this tunnel."


[35] The 6th chapter of Book 3 is now available. Tap on the button at the bottom of this page to proceed.

----------------------------------------

Sorry for the long wait. The delay was caused by some health problems that I had back in November and December and by the extremely complicated path variation in this chapter. (the chapter has 10 achievements in total)

Hint: Some of the achievements in this chapter are on paths that can differ depending on how you interacted with the Overseer at the end of chapter 4 of book 3. There will also be other factors influencing the variation of the paths, like whether or not Rose is alive and whether you passed the king of the underground's test in the previous chapter or not.

Also, remember that every chapter in Magium can be finished without having any points invested in your stats, so if you find yourself unable to pass a stat check, try loading your last checkpoint and redoing some of your previous choices until you find the paths that require no stats.

Good luck!

