
[1] 

[2] Albert seems to have been waiting for us to arrive, because as soon as he saw us walking out of the corridor, he immediately rushed in our direction. He is now standing in front of us, looking both tired and irritable. He must have been busy guiding refugees all night, without getting any time to sleep.

"The king of the underground has requested a meeting with you," Albert says, trying to act politely, although you can clearly tell from his tone of voice that he is forcing himself to talk like this. "He is waiting for you in the throne room. Follow me."


[3] "Yes," Eiden says. "In here we should be safe from any spies that might be trying to listen to our conversation."

"I assure you, Creator, that there are no spies in this palace!" the king of Ollendor says. "There would be no way for them to get past our guards!"

"I do not doubt your guards' competence, great king," Eiden says. "But still, it is better to be safe than sorry."

"What is it that you wanted to speak to us about, ambassador?" the captain of the royal guards says.

"I... do not know where to begin..." the ambassador says. "It's just so hard for me to put this into words. My king, it is with a heavy heart that I've come to bring you the news that your brother... our beloved earl has been murdered in Thilias."

The king does not answer the ambassador in any way, and neither do any of the others. After more than five seconds of silence, the ambassador speaks again.

"My king?..." the ambassador says, in a slightly uneasy voice.

"Ambassador, I want you to think very carefully about your next words," the king of Ollendor says, in a frighteningly calm tone.  "What you are about to say from now on may well decide whether you live or die today. First of all, I want you to confirm to me one more time what you just told me. Are you absolutely certain that my brother is dead?"


[4] "My king, I did try to tell him that there would be war, but he wouldn't listen," the ambassador says, in a panicky voice. "And besides, Golmyck was not the only one who took the side of the mages! In fact, the main reason why they were sent to the arena was because..."

The ambassador stops speaking suddenly, probably because he realized what would likely happen to him if he were to rat on Eiden in front of the king.

"Because..." the ambassador says again, in a more trembling voice.

I can probably imagine what the ambassador was thinking in these moments. Would it be better to be killed by the king, or by Eiden? Which one of them would be more likely to spare his life? Was mercy even something that either of those two would be capable of?

"If I may interject, your highness," the captain of the royal guards says when he realizes that the ambassador isn't planning to finish his sentence. "The intruders that I told you about earlier were also tournament participants, and they were more than capable of attacking me, despite being a citizen of Ollendor. The group that we fought had a fully armored, dark-skinned mage with an 'X' shaped scar on his forehead, a banshee that could use ice as a magical element, a little girl that could cast fire magic, and a giant that was shapeshifted as a dwarf. Do any of these descriptions sound familiar to you, ambassador?"

"That's them!" the ambassador shouts. "They are the ones who killed the earl! I'm sure of it!"


[5] "I will meet you both in my throne room once you are done planning everything," the king says. "Do not keep me waiting."

We then hear some footsteps getting further away from the recording devices, as the king and presumably the captain of the royal guards are walking out of the room. Once we can no longer hear the steps, Eiden addresses the ambassador in a low voice.

"Aren't you glad that the guard captain interrupted you earlier, ambassador?" Eiden says. "Thanks to him, you didn't have to tell them about our little secret, and you all got to live to see another day! Be sure to make the most of your next few hours, ambassador. Life is short. You never know what might happen!"

"Yes... Creator," the ambassador says, in a very forced polite tone. "I thank you for your wisdom."   

We then hear him leaving the room, and a little later, so does Eiden. As the conversation ends, the king of the underground puts the metal cube back in his pocket and then he looks at us to see our reaction.

"Well?" the king of the underground says, after a few more seconds. "What did you think?"


[6] Arraka laughs.

"He's got you there," she tells us.

"We've improved since then!" Hadrik says. "Just this morning, I practiced these new fighting techniques that will surely--"

"A few new moves are not going to help you when the captain will pin you all down to the ground with his aura!" Albert says.

"Wanna bet?" Hadrik says, with a grin.

"You arrogant little--" Albert starts to say, but the king interrupts him.

"Now, now, Albert," the king of the underground says, "we shouldn't be so quick to dismiss their efforts at self-improvement just because their claims seem unrealistic. I think it would be only fair to give them one final chance to prove themselves. If they fail our test, then we will put an end to our alliance and we will kindly ask them to leave our territory."

"If we fail the test, you're kicking us out for good?" Daren says. "Are you telling me that you won't even let us return to heal the sick people from the quarantine area?"

"If you will still want to save those people even under such circumstances, then we won't stop you from returning one last time to heal them," the king says. "However, you must understand that even in such a case, we will still ask you to leave as soon as you are done."

"Fine," Daren says. "I can accept that. So, I'm guessing that if we pass this test, you will fight together with us against the king of Ollendor?"


[7] "Untangle..." Daren says, in a barely audible voice, as he is still being pushed against the ground.

"I beg your pardon?" the king of the underground says.

"Untangle... the flow of the aura... with my mind," Daren says again, in a louder voice.

He then manages to pull out his sword from its hilt, using it to stab the air above him and then to make a quick slash to the right. As soon as he does this, the invisible force that was keeping us pinned down vanishes completely, and we all immediately get up, assuming our battle stances.

"There we go," Arraka says. "See? You can do it if you try."


[8] All of a sudden, Peter extends his hands towards Hadrik and he shoots a powerful lightning attack out of his palms. As Hadrik is being shocked by the electrical current that is passing through his body, Albert tries to free himself, but the dwarf keeps holding onto him tightly and he doesn't let him escape.It seems that the assassin is not being affected at all by the electric attack, even if Hadrik is still holding him by the leg. Does this mean that he has some sort of item granting him immunity against electricity?

"You're... going to... have to do better than that!" Hadrik tells Peter, as he is holding back the pain from the electrical current. "Compared to the attacks of Kate's elementalist friend, this is like child's play!"    

"What the hell?" Daren says, as he turns towards the king of the underground. "Since when is Peter a part of the test? You never told us that he would be shooting lightning at-- NGH!"

As Daren was talking, Peter changed his mind and decided to target him instead of Hadrik, casting a lightning spell on Daren as soon as he exposed his back to him.


[9] "If you don't mind me asking," Hadrik says, as he looks at the king, "how exactly did you come to learn a technique as obscure as aura manipulation? And how did you get so good at it?"

"He most likely learned it from the captain of the royal guards," Kate says. "Their techniques are much too similar for it to be a coincidence."

"Your friend is correct," the king of the underground tells Hadrik. "The current guard captain and I both used to serve as royal guards a long time ago, and he was the one who taught me everything I know regarding aura manipulation. Sadly, I couldn't convince him to come with me and help me form this underground kingdom when I left the royal guards some twenty-five years ago, so we are not exactly on friendly terms anymore nowadays. From what I've heard, he's still searching for pupils, but to this day he hasn't managed to find anyone else that was talented enough to learn anything beyond the most basic aura manipulation techniques."

"Well, that's definitely good news for us," Daren says. "We wouldn't have stood a chance against them if they had a whole army of skilled aura manipulators on their side."

"Indeed," the king of the underground says. "Now, I do not want to be rude, but Albert, Peter and I still have some things that we need to discuss in private in regards to our current refugee situation, so if you have any more questions, I would appreciate it if you could keep them brief."


[10] "One moment, please…" the king says. "Peter has just reminded me of something that I think you might want to know about before you return to the surface. In short, we've noticed that the flying metal balls have no longer been following their usual patrol routes since yesterday evening, and they've also been behaving quite erratically. I heard from Breynan that you killed Billy Bob yesterday, so this may be a part of the reason, but I would be careful if I were you. Something tells me that the Overseer is planning something big, and you might not want to be caught in the middle of it."

"Alright," Daren says. "We'll try to be careful. Farewell!"

We then go out through the door and into the tunnel outside, as we begin to head for the waiting room.


[11] "One moment, please…" the king says. "Peter has just reminded me of something that I think you might want to know about before you return to the surface. In short, we've noticed that the flying metal balls have stopped patrolling the skies at some point during the night. Most of them are now just hovering somewhere above the city, without moving at all from their positions. I've heard from Breynan that Billy Bob may have had a reason to deactivate the Overseer after finding out about his betrayal, but it is unclear to us if the deactivation actually took place, or if he's just trying to reprogram him to be more obedient. Either way, I would be careful if I were you. There's no telling what the lessathi is thinking."

"Alright," Daren says. "We'll try to be careful. Farewell!"

We then go out through the door and into the tunnel outside, as we begin to head for the waiting room.


[12] "One moment, please…" the king says. "Peter has just reminded me of something that I think you might want to know about before you return to the surface. In short, we've noticed that the flying metal balls have no longer been following their usual patrol routes since yesterday evening, and they've also been behaving quite erratically. Considering that Billy Bob was summoned to the palace last night, it is possible that the king has ordered him and the Overseer to take an active role in pursuing you from now on. I would definitely be careful if I were you. Those two are not the type of enemies that you would want to take lightly."

"Alright," Daren says. "We'll try to be careful. Farewell!"

We then go out through the door and into the tunnel outside, as we begin to head for the waiting room.


[13] "Oh Petal, thank you so much!" Flower says in a very loud voice, as she now looks like she is hugging herself.

"Can you at least control your body when you hug me inside your mind?" Illuna says. "Or do you not realize how ridiculous we both look right now?"

"I don't care!" Flower says, as she still continues to hug herself. "I don't want to let you go. I don't want to fight with you anymore. Please, please promise me that we won't ever have another fight like this for as long as we live! I swear that I won't try to act like someone I'm not anymore. I won't call you Illuna anymore. Just say that we will never have to go through something like this ever again!"

"We were not fight--" Illuna begins to say, but then she interrupts herself. "Ugh... fine, I give up... You win. I promise that we will never have a fight again. Are you happy now?"

"Yes!" Flower says, beaming, as she finally stops hugging herself. "You have no idea how happy! Thank you!"

She then comes closer to me and Melindra and she grabs our hands, as she smiles at us.

"And thank you both!" Flower says. "Thank you for all that you did for us!"


[14] "Alright, I've served all the cake slices now," Flower tells us. "Let's get going!"

"Huh?" Hadrik says, confused. "But we're not done eating yet."

"You can finish eating while we walk!" Flower says. "Come on! I don't want anyone in the quarantine zone to die waiting for the cure because of me!"

"Fine, fine," Hadrik says. "Let's head for the teleporter, then."

We do what Flower says, and we take the small plates with us, as we walk towards the teleporter room. While we are travelling through the corridor, Hadrik pulls out a few very small mugs from his backpack with his free hand and he puts them on his plate, near the cake. He then takes out a bottle of dwarven ale and he begins to fill the mugs.

"Can't have a birthday without dwarven ale, right?" Hadrik says, and once he is done filling them up, he starts handing each of us a mug. "I've only poured a few sips' worth of ale for each of you. Wouldn't want you all to be getting drunk before a battle! Daren, I'm guessing that you're still not drinking during the day?"

"Of course not!" Daren says.

"As always!" Hadrik says, while he hands me one of the mugs.

