
[1] 

[2] "Of course you would say that..." Nolderan says. "Well, in that case, I'll just clink these two bottles, and imagine that you're also drinking with me. Cheers, Daren!"

He then clinks two dwarven ale bottles, like he said he would, and he takes a long sip from one of them.

"You're all welcome to join me in this toast, of course, if you want," Nolderan says, as he looks towards Hadrik, Kate and me. "It's a celebration, after all!"


[3] "Charmed," Leila writes.

"Err..." Nolderan says, not exactly sure how to interpret the floating text in front of him.

"Oh, I forgot to tell you," Hadrik says. "Leila can't talk. She can only communicate through writing."

"Ah, so that's what the blue text was about," Nolderan says, as he then turns his gaze towards Leila. "I'm pleased to meet you as well."

"Master... it's not that I'm not glad to see you, but may I ask what you are doing here, in Varathia?" Daren says. "I thought that you were done competing in mage tournaments after... well, you know..."

"After I lost my sage title, you mean?" Nolderan says. "You can say it out loud, boy. It's not like I'm going to sulk. It's been fourteen years since then. I've moved on by now. Sure, I haven't really been competing as much, since then, but this time it's different. This Magium tournament has given me an opportunity of a lifetime, so I couldn't just ignore it."


[4] "No, but the sage before him did," Hadrik says. "He was considered to be on par with the other three long reigning sages, and everyone thought that nobody would ever defeat him. And then comes this no-name elf out of nowhere, and he kills him just like that, in less than a minute. Nobody even knows how he did it. He just made an illusion, so nobody could see or hear what was happening in the arena, and when the illusion was over, the Sage of the East was just lying on the floor, lifeless, and the crowds went completely silent. This happened last year. An investigation has been started to figure out what exactly lead to the old sage's death, but no evidence has been found as of yet. The elf would not say what spell he used, but the common consensus is that he most likely used a mind affecting spell of some kind."


[5] All of a sudden, we hear a few loud beeps coming from Leila's pocket, and also from mine. We both take out our stat devices at the same time, and I see that I now have three extra points to invest in my stats.


[6] "Yeah, monsters," Arraka says. "More than there were last time. They're all suppressing their auras again, but I can recognize the orc and the two ogres that got away from us two days ago. They must have gone to get reinforcements. I don't sense the two goblins that bailed them out last time anymore, so they must be a lot more confident in their chances of winning this time around. I'm counting at least fifteen warriors and five mages. Actually no, make that seventeen warriors. Five of them are ogres, including the two from before. Twelve of them are orcs, including their captain with the flaming battleaxes. The five mages are a mixture of orcs and ogres, but there are no more goblins this time."

"Well, master," Daren tells Nolderan. "I think this is the time for you to go. These monsters have come here to kill our group, specifically, so as long as you avoid them on your way back to your camp, they will most likely ignore you and focus on us. It's sad that this reunion had to be so short, but as long as we're both participating in this tournament, I'm sure that our paths will cross again.  Assuming that we'll survive this battle, that is..."


[7] Kate tries to attack the three ogres with another barrage of icicles, but this time, they use their huge clubs to defend themselves from her projectiles.

"Flower," Daren says. "Fly up into the air, and bombard the ogres with fireballs. They need to die before they reach us."

"I'm on it!" Flower says, as she jumps into the air and then propels herself upwards using her fire jets.

"The rest of us need to deal with the orcs," Daren says. "They all have anti-magic armor, so don't bother to attack them if you're an elementalist."

While Daren was talking, Flower started to shoot fireballs at the three ogres that were still heading towards us. The monsters tried to jump away from the explosions, but this left them defenseless against Kate's icicles, which penetrated their skulls and killed them all on the spot.

"Good," Daren says. "The ogres are already dead. Let's finish the orcs off quick, and then we'll head for the mages."


[8] One other thing I'm noticing is the incredible synchronization between the two of them. Even if they've been apart for more than ten years, you can clearly see that they know each other's moves by heart, and that they don't need to communicate their actions through words, in the heat of battle, because one will always know what the other is planning to do next. More than this, it seems that neither of them is hesitant in leaving their guard down, while the other is watching their back. It's clear that such a level of teamwork can only be achieved by warriors who have spent many years fighting together, side by side.

"Just like old times, eh, Daren?" Nolderan says, after he slices the head of an orc clean off his shoulders.

"Yes, I see that you're still as reckless as ever!" Daren says, as he blocks one of the monsters' maces with his shield. "I can't believe that you're still alive after all this time!"

"You may be saying this, but you are clearly enjoying the fight," Nolderan says, with a grin, as he dances away from one enemy, and prepares to engage another. "Here's another reckless move for you, boy. Get ready!"


[9] We all turn our heads upwards, and we see ten black wyverns quickly diving down from the clouds in which they'd been hiding until now. Each of the creatures is ridden by an orc wearing regular leather armor, and holding either a long spear or a crossbow in their hands. Wyverns are smaller versions of dragons that have a body length of fifteen feet, with their wings spanning around twenty feet. They are far less intelligent than dragons, their scales are a lot less durable, and they cannot breathe fire, but other than that, their appearance is rather similar.  Once the wyvern riders realize that we've already spotted them, they slow down their descent, and they begin to circle around the skies, waiting for the right moment to strike.

"Flower, Illuna and I will take care of the wyverns," Kate says. "The rest of you can't fly, so you won't be able to help us. I think you should all go and deal with the mages, before they call for more reinforcements."

"Maybe you're right," Daren says. "At least we've forced them to reveal the ace up their sleeve, so they shouldn't be able to surprise us with any more-- DAMN IT!!!"

As Daren was finishing his sentence, a very large blue circle appeared on the ground, in the area surrounding us, and a dim blue light is now slowly starting to envelop us.

"Get out of the summoning circle!" Daren shouts. "Get out, now!"


[10] "You're going to have to deal with the mammoth yourselves, while we fight the wyverns," Kate says. "Don't take any stupid risks."

"Easier said than done," Daren says.

"We'll manage, don't worry," Nolderan says. "There hasn't been a monster yet that Daren and I failed to defeat, while fighting together. You just go follow your banshee friend, and do what you need to do."

Kate nods, curtly, and then she lifts her cage into the air, following Illuna towards the wyvern riders. As Kate heads for the skies, the rest of us stand our ground, and we look at the mammoth, which has been notably silent since its roar from earlier. The creature is not moving at all, and it's simply staring at us, waiting for our move.

"So..." Hadrik says. "Do you guys think that we should attack it, or?..."


[11] I rush towards my tent, and once I reach it, I open up the zipper. On my way there, I couldn't help but notice that Melindra's tent had remained closed since the battle has started. There's no way that she didn't hear those loud horns from before, or the sounds from all the fighting. Which means that she's just pretending to still be asleep, so she doesn't have to give away the fact that she can't control the power of her wind magic. 

Whatever. I don't have time to think about her. I have other things to do right now.

I quickly step inside my tent, and I open my backpack. Then, I take out my notebook from it and I flip through the pages, until I reach the paragraphs about the mammoths. And finally, here is what I was looking for. The red-eyed mammoth section. But, what does it say under 'Weaknesses'? Let's see...


[12] "I hear that Fyron is taking in refugees," I say. "You know about Fyron, right?"

"The goblin general?" the orc asks, in a thoughtful voice. "Yes... I do know about him. I heard that his camp has been doing better in these past few years. I also heard that he accepts all types of monsters, nowadays, not only goblins. Maybe it wouldn't be such a bad idea to go pay him a visit..."

"Do you realize what you are saying?" says the first orc, shocked. "What you speak of is treason!"

"Is it really?" the second orc says. "Tyrath is barely giving us enough money to afford our food and weapons. Why are you so loyal to him? If we accept this human's offer, we could live like kings! Think about it, brother."


[13] After flying out of the trunk's way a few more times, I notice that Hadrik is finally done with his shapeshifting, and he is now back in his dwarf form, standing with his feet in the slime that his snail form left behind. He has his arms raised, and he is looking straight at me.


[14] "Is it over?" Kate asks. "Are they all dead? Or is there some third wave of enemies still waiting to ambush us?"

"Nah," Arraka says. "There's no one else. I even checked above, this time around. If they're going to bring new reinforcements, I doubt that it's going to be any time soon, after the beating they've taken in this fight."

"We should at least be prepared, in case it happens," Daren says. "Let's start with some healing. Come over here, and I'll tend to each of your wounds, in turn."


[15] "I suppose not..." Melindra says, as she takes a small break to contemplate on my words. "But I'd still rather keep the others from knowing, at least until we reach Ollendor. It's not like I could help much in a battle, even if I wanted to, so I don't really see any need for them to know. And if this means that they'll keep hating me, then so be it."

"As you wish..." I say. "Either way, I think we're done, here, so I'll go pack up my tent. See you in a few minutes."

Once we're all done with our tents, we grab our backpacks, and we start following Nolderan towards his camp. According to his words, it shouldn't take us more than thirty minutes to reach it. Luckily, the battle with the mammoth has mostly sobered me up, so if anyone attacks us again on the way there, I won't have that problem to deal with, anymore.

Before we left, Melindra and I had a private conversation with Arraka, and we asked her to notify us if there were any magical traps on our way to Nolderan's camp. As we walk through the forest, we come upon a few more mages that are filling their backpacks with pinecones. However, these ones are all looking rather terrified when they see us, as if they were afraid that we'd attack them.

"Why do you suppose those mages were so scared to see us?" Daren says, as we walk past the pinecone collectors.

"Well, we're a pretty big group, so we must be looking quite intimidating to them," Hadrik says. "Maybe they think that we'll try to steal their cones."


[16] "I suppose not..." Melindra says, as she takes a small break to contemplate on my words. "But I'd still rather keep the others from knowing, at least until we reach Ollendor. It's not like I could help much in a battle, even if I wanted to, so I don't really see any need for them to know. And if this means that they'll keep hating me, then so be it."

"As you wish..." I say. "Either way, I think we're done, here, so I'll go pack up my tent. See you in a few minutes."

Once we're all done with our tents, we grab our backpacks, and we start following Nolderan towards his camp. According to his words, it shouldn't take us more than thirty minutes to reach it. Luckily, the battle with the mammoth has mostly sobered me up, so if anyone attacks us again on the way there, I won't have that problem to deal with, anymore.

As we walk through the forest, we come upon a few more mages that are filling their backpacks with pinecones. However, these ones are all looking rather terrified when they see us, as if they were afraid that we'd attack them.

"Why do you suppose those mages were so scared to see us?" Daren says, as we walk past the pinecone collectors.

"Well, we're a pretty big group, so we must be looking quite intimidating to them," Hadrik says. "Maybe they think that we'll try to steal their cones."


[17] "I suppose not..." Melindra says, as she takes a small break to contemplate on my words. "But I'd still rather keep the others from knowing, at least until we reach Ollendor. It's not like I could help much in a battle, even if I wanted to, so I don't really see any need for them to know. And if this means that they'll keep hating me, then so be it."

"As you wish..." I say. "Either way, I think we're done, here, so I'll go pack up my tent. See you in a few minutes."

Once we're all done with our tents, we grab our backpacks, and we start following Nolderan towards his camp. According to his words, it shouldn't take us more than thirty minutes to reach it.

Before we left, Melindra and I had a private conversation with Arraka, and we asked her to notify us if there were any magical traps on our way to Nolderan's camp. As we walk through the forest, we come upon a few more mages that are filling their backpacks with pinecones. However, these ones are all looking rather terrified when they see us, as if they were afraid that we'd attack them.

"Why do you suppose those mages were so scared to see us?" Daren says, as we walk past the pinecone collectors.

"Well, we're a pretty big group, so we must be looking quite intimidating to them," Hadrik says. "Maybe they think that we'll try to steal their cones."


[18] "I suppose not..." Melindra says, as she takes a small break to contemplate on my words. "But I'd still rather keep the others from knowing, at least until we reach Ollendor. It's not like I could help much in a battle, even if I wanted to, so I don't really see any need for them to know. And if this means that they'll keep hating me, then so be it."

"As you wish..." I say. "Either way, I think we're done, here, so I'll go pack up my tent. See you in a few minutes."

Once we're all done with our tents, we grab our backpacks, and we start following Nolderan towards his camp. According to his words, it shouldn't take us more than thirty minutes to reach it.

As we walk through the forest, we come upon a few more mages that are filling their backpacks with pinecones. However, these ones are all looking rather terrified when they see us, as if they were afraid that we'd attack them.

"Why do you suppose those mages were so scared to see us?" Daren says, as we walk past the pinecone collectors.

"Well, we're a pretty big group, so we must be looking quite intimidating to them," Hadrik says. "Maybe they think that we'll try to steal their cones."


[19] Illuna frowns at the amulet, but she doesn't say anything.

"I think she might be telling the truth," Melindra says. "Their levels of power look the same to me as she's described them."

"I still think that she's hiding something," Illuna says. "But I suppose that we won't find out what exactly that is until we reach our destination and see for ourselves. Let's catch up with the others. We're starting to look a little suspicious."

