
[1] 

[2] "Save your pleasantries," Kate says. "Why don't you say what you really mean? It's not like I'm making any effort to suppress my magical aura at this point. If you are indeed Daren's master, then you must also be the one who taught him to fight against banshees."

"You must be thinking of Daren's other master," Nolderan says. "The white mage. We were both ex-sages, so I can see how you might make the confusion. I assure you that I have no qualms with any banshee. As long as you are trusted by these people, I see no reason why I should consider you my enemy."

"She's not a real banshee, just so you know," Hadrik tells Nolderan. "She's a woman mage."

"Oh?" Nolderan says, while raising his eyebrows. "Now, that is certainly something that you don't see every day."

"How did you know that Daren would be here?" Kate asks him.

"I didn't know that he'd be in this general area," Nolderan says. "I just happened to be close enough to sense his aura, so I decided to come and say 'Hello'."

"You just 'happened' to be close enough?" Kate says. "So you were just wandering alone, by yourself, in the middle of the night?"

"Actually, my camp is not that far from here," Nolderan says. "I volunteered to do some scouting of the surrounding areas, during my night shift, which is why I was doing a patrol around these parts. I do understand how this could look a little suspicious from your point of view, however."


[3] "I see that you're still wearing that heavy plate armor of yours," Nolderan says, as he releases Daren. "Don't you get tired of walking around like this? What's the use of all those fancy moves I taught you if you can't even do half of them due to the weight of your armor?"

"I already told you," Daren says. "The armor is the only reliable protection against physical damage that I have. I'm not throwing it away."

"Who needs to have protection when you can just dodge your enemies' attacks?" Nolderan says. "Do I really need to give you a third scar before you learn your lesson for good?"

"Ugh..." Daren says. "Let's not start this discussion again. We only just got reunited after I don't even know how many years. Should we not be celebrating, instead of having a fight?"

"You're absolutely right, Daren!" Nolderan says. "Hold on, let me get another bottle of dwarven ale, so we can have a toast."

"Dwarven ale?..." Daren says. "At this hour? You can't be serious! What if we get attacked?"


[4] "Yeah, this is Daren's old enchanting master," Hadrik says. "It's the first time that they're seeing each other in over ten years, so we're holding a toast to celebrate their reunion."

"Another female mage?..." Nolderan asks, as he senses the magic in Flower's aura.

"Uh... sort of," Hadrik says. "The girl is a mage, but there's also a banshee that lives in the same body. Their names are Flower and Illuna. You can tell when the banshee is talking because the girl's eyes will turn blue. It's a little confusing at first, but you'll get used to it soon enough."

"Right, right..." Nolderan says.

"Pleased to meet you!" Flower says, smiling.

"And this over here is Leila," Hadrik says. "She's a lessathi."

"A what?..." Nolderan asks.

"Uh..." Hadrik says. "I think the locals call them 'the ancients'. Does that name sound familiar?"

"Oh, yes, yes..." Nolderan says. "The name does ring a bell. I think they were some old forgotten race that used to be very good at making magical devices."

"Yes, exactly," Hadrik says. "Leila is a descendant of that race."


[5] "The current four sages are unlike any of the sages that have held the title in the last century," Daren says. "They are in a league of their own. Usually, a sage would not hold a title for more than two or three years before being dethroned, but three of the four current sages have remained undefeated for more than a decade. Azarius, the Sage of the West has been a sage for more than thirty years. He is practically the face of the Western Continent at this point. You see his portrait drawn on newspapers almost every week. One would have expected him to grow weaker, with old age, but every year, he seems to get stronger, instead. I think that everyone is mostly seeing the yearly contests as a formality at this point, and they're all assuming that Azarius will keep holding the title until he dies of old age."

"I know that you really like Azarius, Daren, but you shouldn't talk only about him," Hadrik says. "The other three sages may not have held their titles as long as him, but I'd say that their feats are equally impressive. Talmak, the Sage of the North, is regarded as the strongest earth elementalist of our time. All of the adversaries that he's had in the twelve years since he's inherited his title have been nowhere near his level of power. The only one who actually gave him a run for his money was the previous sage, but he's dead now, along with almost every other mage who dared to challenge Talmak to a fight, over the years. Then there's Selgurd. The elf. Oh man, don't even get me started on the elf..."

"Did he also keep his sage title for a long time?" Flower asks.


[6] "The Sage of the South is the one I fought, fourteen years ago," Nolderan says. "I stood no chance against him in the competition. Even to this day, he remains undefeated, and it never really looked like anyone has posed any serious threat to him since he took the title away from me. The man is a renowned dragon hunter that goes by the name of Drakesbane. I'm not sure what his real name is, but that's what everyone calls him now, due to the large number of dragon heads that he has in his collection. Dragons are something of a legend these days, because they mostly stay hidden, and no longer attack villages, like they used to in the past, but Drakesbane goes to hunt them in their own territory as a sport. A lot of people like to pretend that the dragon heads he brings home belonged to wyverns instead, in order to keep believing that dragons do not exist, but I don't think that anyone who's actually seen one of those heads up close could fool themselves into believing such nonsense. There is a very clear difference between a wyvern's head and a dragon's head, and that difference would be obvious to anyone who is not being willfully ignorant."


[7] "Oh, they were true, alright," Nolderan says. "Losing my sage title so soon after I'd earned it and in such a spectacular fashion wasn't really very good for my business. People started to think that I was just some washed up old man, and they gradually began to look for other enchanting and martial arts masters. There's no shortage of those in the Southern Continent, after all. So, when people stopped coming to me to teach them, I decided that my talents would be better used elsewhere. You see... when you're doing mercenary work, nobody is going to care about your reputation. They just need you to get the job done. It might not be the most ideal career, but it puts food on the table."

"I'm so sorry..." Daren says. "I did not know that it's been so rough for you in these past years. I should have at least left you a transceiver to keep in touch."

"Don't be sorry," Nolderan says. "We all have our ups and downs. It's the way of life. But like I said, at least this tournament has provided me with the opportunity to change my life for the better. That's why we're all here, isn't it? To try and change our lives for the better?"

"Actually..." Daren says. "The reason why I came here is that--"

"Hey, not that I want to interrupt you or anything," Arraka says, "but Illuna told me to let you all know when there are enemies trying to surround us, and it just so happens that this is exactly what's happening right now, as I speak."

"Is it monsters again?" Daren asks.


[8] "They are most definitely getting closer," Kate says. "In fact, we should be seeing them any minute. It looks like they've given up on trying to flank us from all sides, because of the large area without trees in front of us that can't provide them cover, so they're now all trying to assemble in the woods behind us, and to the sides."

"At least that should keep them away from the tents when we fight," Hadrik says. "The last thing we want is to get our tents damaged when we're nowhere near a city to buy any replacements."

"Don't forget the discussion that we had after our last battle!" Daren says. "We're facing against a lot more enemies today, so we can't afford to make any mistakes. Leila, no more rushing into the enemy lines, alright? Kate, do you remember what you need to focus on?"

"Yes," Kate says. "I remember."

She then shoots several icicles into the woods on our left side, and two of the ogres suddenly drop dead, from behind the trees. The three ogre warriors that were left alive are now all shouting loudly, and they're advancing towards us at a rapid pace. 

Seeing that their formation has been broken, the orcs that were hiding behind the trees on our right side are now also revealing themselves and moving slowly towards us, while forming a line, with their shields raised in front of them and their maces in their right hands.


[9] Daren then heads into battle, along with his master, as Hadrik and Leila are getting ready to fight the monsters on the right side. The first one to engage the enemy is Hadrik. He punches right through the orcs' shield wall on the right, putting a large dent into one of the monsters' shields, while knocking its holder on his back. Then, he jumps high into the air, and he lands with his fist on a second orc, just as the monster raises his shield to protect himself. 

The sound made by Hadrik's fist hitting the metal shield resounded throughout the whole clearing, and immediately afterwards, we could hear the orc's scream, as his arm broke from all the pressure. While the warrior is still struggling to recover, Hadrik quickly grabs him by his feet, and he throws him into two of his comrades, which sends them all crashing to the ground.

Meanwhile, Daren and Nolderan have both reached the orcs on the left, and now they're flanking them from two sides, forcing the monsters to give up on their shield wall and to focus on the adversaries in front of them. As Nolderan begins to fight, I can definitely see the resemblance between his fighting style, and the one that Daren is using. However, Nolderan's style seems to focus a lot more on not getting hit at all, while Daren often likes to parry blows, and to block them with his shield, while he fights.


[10] It's a bit difficult to aim from this distance, while the orc is moving, but luckily, I've spent some points in my combat technique skill, so I could accurately predict how the monster would move, after a few seconds of watching him. The bolt from my crossbow hits the orc straight through the slit of his helmet, and it kills him instantly.

As I look to see how the others are doing, I notice that the rest of the monsters are already dead, and that my teammates are now assembling near the woods, so we can go and fight the orc mages and their captain together.

"We sure made short work of these so-called 'elite' warriors, didn't we?" Nolderan says, and then he laughs.

"Not yet," Daren says. "There are still five mages waiting in the woods. And their captain's fighting skill is far superior to that of his subordinates. Let's just hurry up and get to them before they--"

Daren suddenly gets interrupted by the sound of a loud horn, coming from the direction of the orc captain, which makes us all cover our ears, to dampen some of the noise.

"Crap!" Arraka says, as soon as the orc captain stops blowing in the horn. "I forgot to check above us. Wyvern riders incoming. Wyvern riders incoming!"


[11] It's a bit difficult to aim from this distance, while the orc is moving, but luckily, I've spent a point in my combat technique skill, so I could accurately predict how the monster would move, after a few seconds of watching him. Unfortunately, the orc's helmet is too durable, and the crossbow bolt bounces right off it, without even moderately inconveniencing the warrior. Then again, even that small window of opportunity was enough for Leila to jump in for the kill, and to slit the orc's throat with one of her daggers.

As I look to see how the others are doing, I notice that the rest of the monsters are already dead, and that my teammates are now assembling near the woods, so we can go and fight the orc mages and their captain together.

"We sure made short work of these so-called 'elite' warriors, didn't we?" Nolderan says, and then he laughs.

"Not yet," Daren says. "There are still five mages waiting in the woods. And their captain's fighting skill is far superior to that of his subordinates. Let's just hurry up and get to them before they--"

Daren suddenly gets interrupted by the sound of a loud horn, coming from the direction of the orc captain, which makes us all cover our ears, to dampen some of the noise.

"Crap!" Arraka says, as soon as the orc captain stops blowing in the horn. "I forgot to check above us. Wyvern riders incoming. Wyvern riders incoming!"


[12] It's a bit difficult to aim from this distance, while the orc is moving, but luckily, I've spent one point in my combat technique skill, so I could accurately predict how the monster would move, after a few seconds of watching him. I didn't manage to hit the orc right through the slit of his helmet, like I wanted, but my crossbow was powerful enough that it didn't matter, and the bolt went straight through the enemy's head gear, penetrating his skull, and killing him on the spot.

As I look to see how the others are doing, I notice that the rest of the monsters are already dead, and that my teammates are now assembling near the woods, so we can go and fight the orc mages and their captain together.

"We sure made short work of these so-called 'elite' warriors, didn't we?" Nolderan says, and then he laughs.

"Not yet," Daren says. "There are still five mages waiting in the woods. And their captain's fighting skill is far superior to that of his subordinates. Let's just hurry up and get to them before they--"

Daren suddenly gets interrupted by the sound of a loud horn, coming from the direction of the orc captain, which makes us all cover our ears, to dampen some of the noise.

"Crap!" Arraka says, as soon as the orc captain stops blowing in the horn. "I forgot to check above us. Wyvern riders incoming. Wyvern riders incoming!"


[13] I try to predict which way he will move, and I shoot at him, but the crossbow bolt misses by a considerable margin. I guess that shooting moving targets from this distance is going to be a little more difficult than I thought. Maybe I should hold my fire for now, before I hit Leila by accident. Luckily, it doesn't take long until Leila manages to catch the orc on the wrong foot, and she quickly takes advantage of this by slitting his throat with one of her daggers.

As I look to see how the others are doing, I notice that the rest of the monsters are already dead, and that my teammates are now assembling near the woods, so we can go and fight the orc mages and their captain together.

"We sure made short work of these so-called 'elite' warriors, didn't we?" Nolderan says, and then he laughs.

"Not yet," Daren says. "There are still five mages waiting in the woods. And their captain's fighting skill is far superior to that of his subordinates. Let's just hurry up and get to them before they--"

Daren suddenly gets interrupted by the sound of a loud horn, coming from the direction of the orc captain, which makes us all cover our ears, to dampen some of the noise.

"Crap!" Arraka says, as soon as the orc captain stops blowing in the horn. "I forgot to check above us. Wyvern riders incoming. Wyvern riders incoming!"


[14] I reacted too late, however, and the mace hit me hard in the head, crushing my skull under its weight, and sending me crashing to the ground, while my consciousness faded away, forever.


[15] My dizziness caused me to react a bit too late, however, and the mace hit me hard in the head, crushing my skull under its weight, and sending me crashing to the ground, while my consciousness faded away, forever.


[16] I manage to get out of harm's way in time, and before the monster gets to attack me a second time, Leila stabs him from behind, with one of her daggers, forcing him to turn her way once more. I take advantage of this, and I immediately dash back towards my enemy, driving my blade through the back of his helmet, which makes it pass straight through his neck. After a few seconds of gurgling up blood, the orc finally falls to the ground, and he dies soon afterwards.

As I look to see how the others are doing, I notice that the rest of the monsters are already dead, and that my teammates are now assembling near the woods, so we can go and fight the orc mages and their captain together.

"We sure made short work of these so-called 'elite' warriors, didn't we?" Nolderan says, and then he laughs.

"Not yet," Daren says. "There are still five mages waiting in the woods. And their captain's fighting skill is far superior to that of his subordinates. Let's just hurry up and get to them before they--"

Daren suddenly gets interrupted by the sound of a loud horn, coming from the direction of the orc captain, which makes us all cover our ears, to dampen some of the noise.

"Crap!" Arraka says, as soon as the orc captain stops blowing in the horn. "I forgot to check above us. Wyvern riders incoming. Wyvern riders incoming!"


[17] As the mammoth roars loudly, I can suddenly feel the presence of the orcs and ogres disappearing from the forest, due to them teleporting out of the area, just like last time.

"The mages and the captain are gone, by the way," Arraka says. "Just thought I'd let you know."

"Yes, Arraka, we all know that," Illuna says. "It's not like they took any effort to hide their auras anymore for the past minute. The mages were probably only brought here to summon this beast, and nothing else. Let's go deal with the wyverns, before anyone else shows up."

Flower then jumps into the air, and she propels herself upwards with her fire jets, as Kate jumps on a flying platform made of ice, while she creates an ice cage around herself, in order to make sure that she won't fall off.


[18] "One hit from that trunk, and we're goners," Daren says, as he looks at the hole in the ground, made by Hadrik when he fell. "I wouldn't recommend attacking the mammoth unless you're really confident in your evasion skills. Barry, neither of your weapons would be able to get through this creature's thick armored skin, so you'd better stay out of this. Leila, the enchantments on your daggers are a little better, so you could give it a shot, if you want to come with us."

"I'll come with you," Leila writes.

"Good," Daren says. "Let's hurry. I'm not sure how long Hadrik can keep the mammoth busy on his own."

As Daren, Nolderan and Leila head towards the mammoth, I suddenly remember that I came upon a page detailing the weaknesses of red-eyed mammoths in my notebook, while I was reading through my notes, for the arena. Should I go get the notebook? I'm certainly not going to be of much use out here, at this rate. Okay, it's settled. I'll go get the notebook.


[19] What now, then?... Nobody except Hadrik would be able to reach high enough in order to attack the mammoth's eyes or its nostrils, but the dwarf seems to have his hands full at the moment. Kate, Flower and Illuna are still fighting the wyvern riders in the sky, so they won't be able to provide assistance. If only we had someone else who could fly in our team... Hold on, what am I saying? There is someone else.

"Hey, Melindra, can you hear me?" I shout, while I look towards Melindra's tent.

I can see no movements inside the tent, or anything else that might confirm the fact that she's heard me. After a few more seconds of silence, I continue.

"Okay, you don't need to answer me," I say. "I just have a little favor to ask. Remember how you made us all fly over the wall of Thilias, with your wind magic? Well, I was thinking that maybe you might have a way to make me fly that would also give me some manner of control. You know, like some semi-intelligent air-currents that react to my movements or something. I've also had access to elementalist wind magic two times before, and I think it should be theoretically possible to cast such a spell. You've been practicing this type of magic for six hundred years, so surely you must know how to do something like this by now, right?"


[20] Obviously, they're not going to be as responsive as the currents I was using to lift me from the ground back when I was using my stat device's emergency mode, due to the fact that these particular air currents need to wait for my movements, before they change my direction and speed, but it's much better than what I would have expected, from a spell of this kind. I could still do without all the nausea I'm getting every time I do a quick turn, but that's probably due to my current drunken state, and not the fault of the spell.

"You have my thanks!" I shout, from up above, towards Melindra, and then I move higher into the air, in order to do a little test flight, before I head over to the mammoth.

I try to do as many moves as possible, so I can properly understand what causes me to change my direction, altitude and speed, because I can't afford to make any mistakes when I'm fighting the mammoth. One slip up, and its trunk will break all of my bones, with a single swing. My control over this spell needs to be perfect.

"Barry, look out!" I hear Kate's voice, from above.

As I look up, I suddenly notice that two of the wyvern riders are currently diving down towards me, with their spears at the ready, while Kate and Flower are too busy fighting their own wyverns to be able to help me in any way.


[21] Obviously, they're not going to be as responsive as the currents I was using to lift me from the ground back when I was using my stat device's emergency mode, due to the fact that these particular air currents need to wait for my movements, before they change my direction and speed, but it's much better than what I would have expected, from a spell of this kind.

"You have my thanks!" I shout, from up above, towards Melindra, and then I move higher into the air, in order to do a little test flight, before I head over to the mammoth.

I try to do as many moves as possible, so I can properly understand what causes me to change my direction, altitude and speed, because I can't afford to make any mistakes when I'm fighting the mammoth. One slip up, and its trunk will break all of my bones, with a single swing. My control over this spell needs to be perfect.

"Barry, look out!" I hear Kate's voice, from above.

As I look up, I suddenly notice that two of the wyvern riders are currently diving down towards me, with their spears at the ready, while Kate and Flower are too busy fighting their own wyverns to be able to help me in any way.


[22] I take my gold pouch out of my pocket, and I show the orc the gold pieces that I have inside it. The monster laughs when he sees the amount of money I'm offering.

"You expect us to betray our ruler for this paltry amount of gold?" the orc says.

"I have more in my backpack, if you'll just let me get it..." I say.

"No, I've heard enough of your 'deal', human," the orc says. "Come, brother, let us finish off this insolent wretch."

The two wyverns are now once again diving towards me, while their riders are readying their spears.


[23] I take my gold pouch out of my pocket, and I show the orc the gold pieces that I have inside it. The monster laughs when he sees the amount of money I'm offering.

"You expect us to betray our ruler for this paltry amount of gold?" the orc says.

"That's all the gold I have," I tell him. "But it's not that bad of a deal, is it? Just leave us alone for a while, and this money is yours!"

"No, I've heard enough of your 'deal', human," the orc says. "Come, brother, let us finish off this insolent wretch."

The two wyverns are now once again diving towards me, while their riders are readying their spears.


[24] As I take my gold pouch out of my pocket and open it, I notice the fact that I also have a few gems inside it. If I show these orcs only the gold, I will probably not be able to buy them off, but a single one of these gems should be enough for them to live the rest of their lives without any worries.

I decide to take out a large ruby from my pouch, and I hold it in front of the orcs, so they can see it clearly.

"I have many more of these in my backpack," I say, "so I wouldn't mind parting with one or two for the sake of a temporary alliance. I'm willing to offer you both this ruby, in advance, and if you actually help me by driving back the other orcs, I will also give you a shiny diamond to go along with it. What do you say?"

"Your offer is tempting, human," the second orc says, without being able to fully hide the greed in his eyes. "But what would we orcs do with such treasure? Where else would we live our lives, if not in Tyrath's domain? It's not like any of the human cities would ever accept us within their walls."


[25] "What's going on, here?" Kate shouts, from a distance, as she sees what just happened.

"This orc is fighting on our side, as of now," I shout at her and Flower. "Make sure not to attack him!"

"Right..." Kate and Illuna both say, at the same time, and then they continue to fight their enemies in the sky.

"I'll go deal with the mammoth, now," I tell my new orc ally. "You know what to do."

I then leave the orc behind, and I fly to a lower altitude, closer to the mammoth that Hadrik and the others are still fighting.


[26] Unfortunately, aiming at very rapidly moving targets, while I'm flying myself, is not as easy as it may sound. I somehow manage to waste every one of my shots, and I don't have the time to reload. I try to outmaneuver the wyverns, so I can get on top of them, in order to attack the riders, directly, but the flight spell provided to me by Melindra is neither fast nor responsive enough for me to be able to compare myself with these creatures that have been flying for as long as they can remember.

I attempt to parry one of the orc's spears and to make a rush for him, but the second wyvern rider takes advantage of my momentary distraction, and he dives with his spear right into my stomach, temporarily freezing my movements, because of the pain. As I am still standing there, floating in mid-air, the orc quickly takes his spear out of me, and then he drives it through my throat, killing me a few moments afterwards.


[27] It's not easy to aim at rapidly moving targets while I'm also flying myself, but somehow, I manage to hit one of the orcs directly in his head, which sends him falling off his wyvern, to his death, leaving the beast that he was riding in a state of confusion. Now that there is only one enemy left, I use my crossbow to drive him in the direction that I want him to go, and then I quickly dive for him from above, driving my blade in the back of his neck, before he even has the chance to parry my strike with his spear.

Having killed both orcs, I do not wait to see what the wyverns are planning to do on their own, so I begin to reload my crossbow, while slowly heading towards the mammoth, which Hadrik and the others are still busy fighting.


[28] Its neck muscles are a little tougher than they look, however, and my knife does not go all the way through. Before I can pull my weapon out, the creature bites my arm, and it does not let go, until the orc riding on its back drives his spear through my head, killing me on the spot.


[29] The knife goes all the way through, and the creature screams in agony, as it pulls away from me, leaving me with the bloody weapon in my hands, while the wyvern flaps its wings furiously, flying erratically, as if it were trying to somehow reduce the effect of the pain through its movements. After a few seconds, the orc no longer manages to keep his balance, and he falls off his wyvern, to his death.

As the wyvern eventually starts to fall to the ground as well, I begin to reload my crossbow, while slowly heading towards the mammoth, which Hadrik and the others are still busy fighting.


[30] "Don't worry," Hadrik says. "I've got that covered."

He then jumps off the trunk and he lands on the ground.

"You just need to keep the mammoth busy for a few seconds, while I do some shapeshifting," Hadrik shouts.

Shapeshifting?... Against a red-eyed mammoth? Didn't Golmyck say that he'd ban him from the tournament if he were to turn himself into anything much bigger than his current size?

I don't have time to think about this much longer, because the mammoth is now fully focused on smashing me with its trunk, and I'm barely even getting a moment's respite between two consecutive swings. When the monster wears itself out a little, and it slows down its rhythm, I take the opportunity to look down and see what Hadrik's been up to.

Apparently, Hadrik has turned himself into a giant snail... And he's just crawling on the ground at a very low speed... Oh man, I sure hope he's not messing with me, right now. At any rate, I already told Hadrik that I'd follow his plan, so all I can do now is keep dodging, and hope that he knows what he's doing.


[31] I reach the eyes as fast as I can, and I attempt to shoot at them with my crossbow, in the hopes that I can catch the monster by surprise, before it closes its eyes. Unfortunately, all that the mammoth needed to do was to instinctively blink, and the crossbow bolts simply bounced off its eyelid. I try to shoot a few more bolts, but the creature just closes its eyes, which makes my efforts completely pointless. It looks like I'll need to use my dagger for this to work. 

I dive into one of the mammoth's eyes at full speed, and I thrust my dagger into it, with as much force as I could possibly muster.

I was not strong enough for my weapon to reach the eye, however, and the blade got stuck in the eyelid. While I try to get it out, Hadrik finally loses his grip, and the mammoth's trunk comes swinging straight at me, squishing me like a bug, and killing me on the spot.


[32] I reach the eyes as fast as I can, and I attempt to shoot at them with my crossbow, in the hopes that I can catch the monster by surprise, before it closes its eyes. Unfortunately, all that the mammoth needed to do was to instinctively blink, and the crossbow bolts simply bounced off its eyelid. I try to shoot a few more bolts, but the creature just closes its eyes, which makes my efforts completely pointless. It looks like I'll need to use my dagger for this to work. 

I dive into one of the mammoth's eyes at full speed, and I thrust my dagger into it, with as much force as I could possibly muster.

My weapon went straight through the eyelid, and into the creature's eye, making the monster scream in pain, as it tries to back away, even though it can't move anywhere, while it's being held in place by Hadrik. I twist my blade into its eye, once more, and soon, the mammoth falls silent, as it slowly crashes to the ground, causing a small earth tremor due to the enormous size of its body.


[33] I reach the eyes as fast as I can, and I attempt to shoot at them with my crossbow, in the hopes that I can catch the monster by surprise, before it closes its eyes. Unfortunately, all that the mammoth needed to do was to instinctively blink, and the crossbow bolts simply bounced off its eyelid. I try to shoot a few more bolts, but the creature just closes its eyes, which makes my efforts completely pointless. It looks like I'll need to use my scimitar for this to work. 

I dive into one of the mammoth's eyes at full speed, and I thrust my scimitar into it, with as much force as I could possibly muster.

I was not strong enough for my weapon to reach the eye, however, and the blade got stuck in the eyelid. While I try to get it out, Hadrik finally loses his grip, and the mammoth's trunk comes swinging straight at me, squishing me like a bug, and killing me on the spot.


[34] I reach the eyes as fast as I can, and I attempt to shoot at them with my crossbow, in the hopes that I can catch the monster by surprise, before it closes its eyes. Unfortunately, all that the mammoth needed to do was to instinctively blink, and the crossbow bolts simply bounced off its eyelid. I try to shoot a few more bolts, but the creature just closes its eyes, which makes my efforts completely pointless. It looks like I'll need to use my scimitar for this to work. 

I dive into one of the mammoth's eyes at full speed, and I thrust my scimitar into it, with as much force as I could possibly muster.

My weapon went straight through the eyelid, and into the creature's eye, making the monster scream in pain, as it tries to back away, even though it can't move anywhere, while it's being held in place by Hadrik. I twist my blade into its eye, once more, and soon, the mammoth falls silent, as it slowly crashes to the ground, causing a small earth tremor due to the enormous size of its body.


[35] I reach the area at the base of the trunk as fast as I can, and I try to identify the nostrils on its underside. As soon as I see them, I drive my dagger into one of them, in an attempt to irreparably damage the creature's airways. As the mammoth screams, I drive my blade further inside, while twisting it continuously. Something's wrong, though. Even if the creature is clearly being hurt by my attack, it doesn't look like I've managed to stop it from breathing. Maybe my weapon is just not long enough to reach its airways?

The mammoth finally manages to pull itself away from Hadrik's grip, and it quickly arcs its trunk, making it reach its base with its own tip, in order to squash me like a bug.

I try to get out of its way, but I do not react in time, and the trunk simply crushes me with its great force, killing me almost immediately.


[36] I reach the area at the base of the trunk as fast as I can, and I try to identify the nostrils on its underside. As soon as I see them, I drive my dagger into one of them, in an attempt to irreparably damage the creature's airways. As the mammoth screams, I drive my blade further inside, while twisting it continuously. Something's wrong, though. Even if the creature is clearly being hurt by my attack, it doesn't look like I've managed to stop it from breathing. Maybe my weapon is just not long enough to reach its airways?

The mammoth finally manages to pull itself away from Hadrik's grip, and it quickly arcs its trunk, making it reach its base with its own tip, in order to squash me like a bug.

I pull my dagger out and I manage to get out of the trunk's way just in time. The mammoth tries to attack me again, but it stops, and it begins to make loud noises, trying to gasp for air, as the damage I did to its airways finally starts to have a visible effect. After about ten more seconds of the creature desperately trying to breathe, its gasps for air start to get faster and shorter, until they eventually stop, and the mammoth falls completely silent, as it slowly crashes to the ground, causing a small earth tremor due to the enormous size of its body.


[37] I reach the area at the base of the trunk as fast as I can, and I try to identify the nostrils on its underside. As soon as I see them, I drive my scimitar into one of them, in an attempt to irreparably damage the creature's airways. As the mammoth screams, I drive my blade further inside, while twisting it continuously. Soon, the screams of the creature start to turn into gasps of air, as the damage that I did to its airways is finally starting to have a visible effect.

I take my scimitar out of the monster and I fly away, while the mammoth is still desperately trying to breathe. After about ten seconds, the creature's gasps for air start to get faster and shorter, until they eventually stop, and the mammoth falls completely silent, as it slowly crashes to the ground, causing a small earth tremor due to the enormous size of its body.


[38] "Oh, right, we didn't tell you about that," Hadrik says. "Back in Thilias, we all had to fight in an arena event, and the owner of that arena really had it in for Barry and Leila. Or rather, he wanted to make them into the stars of the show. He literally threw everything he had at them, and they only had some weaklings as teammates, but they still managed to make it out victorious. We'll fill you in on the details later."

"I sure hope that the orc captain is not planning to teleport back with even more reinforcements..." Daren says. "We really need to find a way to stop them from escaping. Otherwise they'll just keep coming at us over and over, until we're completely worn out."

"Or you could try to do a better job at hiding your tracks, from now on," Nolderan says. "If they managed to find you for a second time, then you people probably left them a really obvious trail to follow."

"Yeah, you're probably right..." Daren says. "Now that I think about it, the only way they could have found us this fast is if they teleported back to the location of our previous battle, and pursued our tracks all the way to our camp."


[39] As Kate and Flower come landing on the ground, next to us, the wyvern rider stops a dozen feet above the ground, as the wyvern keeps slowly flapping its wings, to maintain its altitude.

"All of the other orcs are dead, human," the orc says. "I have fulfilled my end of the bargain."

"And now, I will fulfill mine," I tell him, as I take a diamond out of my gold pouch, and throw it to him.

The orc catches the diamond in his hand, he studies it from a few angles, to make sure that it's not fake, and then he puts it in the sash that he's wearing around his waist.

"I must leave you now, human," the orc says. "Before any other of Tyrath's troops come to this location, and find out that I am still alive. Perhaps we will meet again."

"Yeah," I say. "I'll make sure to say hi, if we ever visit Fyron's camp."

The orc nods, and then he utters a command to his wyvern, which makes it go up, and then as far away from this place as possible.


[40] "Likewise, milady," Nolderan says, as he grabs her hand, kissing it softly, and then releases it. "May I ask which way you are headed?"

"Oh, it's just a small town," Melindra says. "You probably haven't heard of it."

"We are taking her to a city called Ollendor," Daren says.

Melindra frowns at him, when she sees how easily he's given away our destination, but it doesn't look like Daren noticed.

"Ollendor?" Nolderan says, surprised. "We've actually passed that city on our way here! And it just so happens that I have a mage in my team that can cast teleportation magic. If you would come with me to my camp, I'm sure that I could convince him to teleport you to your destination, and you could save a few days from your journey. What do you say, Daren, would you like to meet my teammates?"

"I... suppose so..." Daren says. "But I'm not sure what the others have to say about this. Would everyone else also be okay with asking one of Nolderan's friends to teleport us to Ollendor?"


[41] "Barry..." Melindra says. "Would you mind explaining to me why everyone here just agreed to walk into a potential ambush without a second thought?"

"What do you mean?" I say. "Are you saying that Nolderan might want to kill us?"

"Yes!" Melindra says. "Isn't he a tournament participant? Why would he not want to kill you?"

"Well, he's an old friend of Daren's, for starters," I say. "And if he really wanted us dead, I see no reason why he would not have just left us to get killed by the monsters, instead of helping us. We even told him that he should flee, while he had the chance, but he still chose to stay and fight by our side. What would he have had to gain by doing that?"

"I don't know what his plan is," Melindra says. "I can't read minds. All I know is that my instincts are telling me not to trust him. Listen, I'm not saying that we shouldn't go with him at all. Believe me, there's nothing that I'd love better than for us to get teleported right at Ollendor's doorstep, without any effort on our part. But I still think we should be cautious. We shouldn't just take everything this guy says for granted. Do you understand what I'm saying?"


[42] "Because it's already happened once!" Melindra says. "There used to be this small group of people that I travelled with, for a while, a long time ago, and at a certain point they found out about my problem. They wanted to fix this issue by casting a white mage spell on me, which was supposed to help me by limiting the amount of energy I could use to power up each one of my spells. In theory, it could have worked, but I did not want to risk it, because a stillwater's aura is just too different from that of a normal mage, and you can't know what will happen. It could potentially be deadly for someone like me. I tried to explain this to them, but they wouldn't take me seriously. The bastards even tried to cast this spell on me while I was sleeping, without my permission. They may well have killed me, if I hadn't woken up to stop them!"

"I really don't think that Daren would try to cast that spell on you while you're sleeping," I say. "Especially if you explain to him why you think it might be risky for you..."

"Really?" Melindra says. "You guys practically forced me to take a deadly enchanter's oath, just so you'd agree to come along with me, and now you're expecting me to believe that you would suddenly be willing to prioritize my safety over your own, just because I'm asking you nicely?"

"Well, I've known about your problem and the risk it poses to us for quite a while, haven't I?" I say. "And yet, I never told Daren or anyone else about any of this."


[43] "Arraka," Illuna says, all of a sudden. "Can you sense the camp? How many mages are there inside, waiting for us?"

"Five," Arraka says. "Including the banshee."

"And how strong are they?" Illuna asks.

"It's hard to tell," Arraka says. "since they all seem to be suppressing their auras, to avoid detection, but most of them appear to be on Nolderan's level of magic power."

"It's hard to tell because you are unable to do it, or because you don't want to do it?" Illuna asks her.

"You would accuse me of lying to you?" Arraka says, in a mocking tone. "Me? Your oldest friend and beloved mentor? I am shocked. Utterly shocked..."

Illuna frowns at the amulet, but she doesn't say anything.

"Your banshee friend doesn't seem to trust me much, does she?" Nolderan tells Daren.

"It doesn't seem like it..." Daren says.

"Do not worry," Illuna says. "I am suspicious of everyone. It's in my nature."

"Well, that is most certainly a good trait to have in an environment like this!" Nolderan says. "Especially for a banshee. Come, let us move forward. We will reach the camp soon."


[44] "Psst, Barry!" Melindra whispers to me, as she is now trailing about a dozen feet behind our group, along with Flower. "Over here!"

"What is it?" I say, in a low voice, as I join the two of them. "Did Arraka find any traps?"

"No, but we can sense how many mages there are waiting for us inside the camp," Melindra says. "There are five of them, including the banshee that the old man was talking about earlier."

"Hmm..." I say. "Five mages doesn't sound that bad."

"How powerful are these five mages, exactly?" Illuna asks.

"It's hard to tell," Arraka says. "since they all seem to be suppressing their auras, to avoid detection, but most of them appear to be on Nolderan's level of magic power."

"It's hard to tell because you are unable to do it, or because you don't want to do it?" Illuna asks her.

"You would accuse me of lying to you?" Arraka says, in a mocking tone. "Me? Your oldest friend and beloved mentor? I am shocked. Utterly shocked..."

