
[1] 

[2] "I still can't believe that we're actually having these meetings with Arraka..." Daren tells me, as we slowly climb towards our meeting spot, which is located on top of a small hill near our camp. "If you had told me a week ago that I'd ever agree to do something like this, I would have laughed in your face."

"It's not like we have much of a choice," I say. "You said it yourself. We don't have any kind of experience in dealing with gods. The only one in our group who has ever fought against them on equal terms is Arraka. If it were only up to us to make a battle plan, we wouldn't even know where to begin..."

"Yeah, yeah, I get it," Daren says. "It's just that it feels weird, you know? It was not so long ago that she tried to kill us. Actually, what am I saying? She did kill us, before the time got reversed. And now she's suddenly acting as our coach? Why would she agree to any of this? It's all a bit fishy, if you ask me."

"She does have her own beef against the gods, though," I say. "They're the ones who banished her from the magical realm, remember? Of course she'd want to get back at them in any way she can. And since she's been trapped in an amulet for decades, we're the best chance she's got."


[3] "Or maybe you could stop wasting everyone's time and get on with the meeting," Illuna says, in a firm tone of voice. "We didn't come here to hear your ramblings."

"Alright, fine!" Arraka says. "I was just having a little fun, that's all. There's no need to be so uptight about every single thing. Everyone gather round. It's time to check up on all your progress."

I'm not sure if it's only my imagination, but Arraka seems to be acting a lot more obediently towards Illuna nowadays, and she's also taking her more seriously than she did before. I think her whole attitude towards her ex-disciple has started to slowly change ever since that time when Illuna threatened to throw her back into the Magium. It looks like even though she won't admit it, Arraka might have gained a newfound respect for Illuna after seeing the way she confronted her during those events.

"Let's start with Daren, then," Arraka says. "This should be good. Tell me, Daren, how much progress have you made in contacting the spirit from the magical plane that you are linked with? Is it zero? Please tell me that it's zero again. That would be hilarious!"

"Well, maybe it would be more than zero if your advice could amount to anything other than meaningless gibberish," Daren says. "I mean, how are you supposed to get any useful information out of vague phrases such as 'You need to untangle the flow of your aura with your mind, until you can see it clearly in your head,' or 'You can think of the link to your spirit as a very long, invisible string, which you can grab onto and pull on, until you manage to get the spirit's attention' ?"


[4] "That description sounds even worse than the ones you gave us yesterday!" Hadrik says. "How do you even make this stuff up?"

"Yeah," Daren says. "If you ask me, she's probably doing it on purpose, in order to make it-- wait a minute..."

He then gets closer to Flower, in order to have a better look at Arraka's amulet.

"Did you just say something about a waterfall?..." Daren says, as he looks at the amulet intently.

"Yeah, the age is hidden right behind it," Arraka says. "You need to imagine yourself passing through the waterfall and grabbing the rotating currents between your hands, until they stop moving. That's when the age number will become clear enough for you to read."


[5] "Huh..." Daren says. "I guess the reason why I was so surprised is because I always keep forgetting that you are a giant. In your dwarf form, you look as if you were in your forties."

"What about me?" Flower asks Daren. "What does my aura say about my own age?"

"Your age?" Daren asks, as he looks above her head for a few seconds.

He then opens his mouth to say something but he changes his mind, and only answers her a few seconds later.

"Nine years old," Daren says. "It says you're nine years old."

"Noooooo!" Flower says, visibly frustrated. "That's not what it says! It says I'm twenty-nine! Petal, tell him what it really says!"

"The only thing I see when I look at your age is the number nine," Illuna says.

"No, there's a 'two' right before that 'nine' and you know it!" Flower says, as I can see Daren smirking in the background. "I can sense the aura above my head just fine, and it says twenty nine! I know you can see it!"


[6] "No, it's fine," Flower says, trying to imitate Kate's colder tone and look, although you can clearly also see a bit of sadness in her eyes, as she speaks. "It was a childish thing to do anyway. I won't annoy you by using that nickname anymore..."

"You weren't--" Illuna starts to say, but now it is Arraka who interrupts her.

"How about you two continue your drama in your own free time?" Arraka says. "After all, we didn't come here to hear your 'ramblings', isn't that right, Illuna?"

"Very well," Illuna says, as her expression darkens. "You may continue with your training session."

"Thank you!" Arraka says. "So, as I was saying, what Daren and Hadrik need to be focusing on right now is to learn the basics of reading auras. The real basics, I mean. Not the kind of stuff that can be done by literally every person in the world. As powerful mages, you should have the advantage of being able to learn this stuff in a matter of days instead of years, with a little guidance. I'll give you more specific information at the end of this meeting. Daren seems to be reasonably adept at this sort of thing when he tries, but I'm not sure what to say about the dwarf. You kind of need to have a certain level of intelligence to be able to master the basics, and Hadrik isn't exactly what you'd call a scholar. Still, we will see what can be done."


[7] "The mute girl brings up a good point," Arraka says. "Barry, your bluffing skills are simply abysmal. Your face and your tone of voice might not give you away most of the time, but when you lie about something, your aura just shakes like crazy. If you don't do something about this problem of yours, you might risk giving us away to Selkram before we even get the time to put our plan into motion. Get control of your aura, already!"

"And how would you expect me to do that?" I say.

"By investing some points in your Bluff stat, obviously," Arraka says. "Do I really need to tell you everything?"

"My... Bluff stat?..." I say.

"Yeah, the one that helps you keep the flow of your aura calm, even when you tell a bald-faced lie," Arraka says. "It's literally called 'Bluff'. You can't miss it."

"What are you talking about?" I say. "I don't have a bluff stat on my stat device! And neither does Leila!"

"What?..." Arraka says. "No, that can't be right. You must be looking in the wrong place or something. Give me that stat device of yours. Bring it close to my amulet, so I can study the magical particles on its screen properly. I'll find that stat for you."


[8] "Did you just say something about an Aura Hardening stat?" I say, as I put the stat device back in my pocket. "Is that supposed to be something similar to the technique invented by Hadrik so he could defend himself in his shapeshifted state, when he couldn't cast protection magic on himself?"

"Huh?..." Arraka says. "Oh, yeah, the dwarf does use something like that. But he's obviously not the first one to have invented this technique. Many others have come up with similar techniques in the past, which have more or less the same purpose. Never mind that, though. I think I may have found a new task for you and Leila. I'm guessing that you still haven't made any progress towards unlocking your Magical Power and Magical Knowledge stats, but maybe you'll have more luck if you try to unlock your aura stats. You should get Daren to help you too, since he's an enchanter. But make sure that you don't tamper with your device too much. We wouldn't want you to accidentally break your stat booster, and to become even more useless than you already are."


[9] "Okay, but what about Hadrik, then?" Melindra says. "What would he have to gain by contacting his spirit?"

"Nothing," Arraka says. "But that's not the point. What matters is that WE would have something to gain by him contacting his spirit."

"And why would that be?" Melindra says.

"Well," Arraka says, "the second and much more important reason why we want to get in contact with a spirit from the magical plane is that we want to set up a little conflict between the God of Time, the God of Death, and all the other spirits."

"A conflict?..." Melindra says.

"Mhm..." Arraka says. "See, I'm not sure how much attention you've been paying to my discussion with Selkram, but one thing I mentioned when I was talking to him was that I figured out he also tried to absorb other spirits, just like me, in order to gain more power. He failed miserably, and obviously never attempted anything like that again after the first few times, but the other spirits don't know that. In fact, the others likely don't know anything at all about the fact that he and Ulruk tried to absorb spirits, because if they did, they would have tried to throw them out of the magical plane, just like they did with me. It doesn't look like any of the spirits figured out that the multiple voices Selkram and Ulruk gained when they talk are coming from the spirits they absorbed incorrectly, but that would change if I could somehow come into contact with one of the spirits on the magical plane, and spill the beans."


[10] "I still don't get why Daren and I are the only ones trying to talk to our spirits, though," Hadrik says. "Shouldn't everyone be involved in this, if it's so important? I'm pretty sure that both Kate and Leila have better magical sense than I do."

"And who would they contact, you moron?" Arraka says. "Kate is an artificial mage, so she isn't connected to any spirits, and Leila isn't a mage at all. You and Daren are the only ones in this group who are linked to any magical spirits. Well, technically Flower is linked to Illuna, I guess, but she's not in the magical plane, so she doesn't count."

"Yeah, but I was saying that they should try to contact our spirits, instead of theirs," Hadrik says.

"It doesn't work that way," Arraka says. "I already told you yesterday. You need to contact them by yourselves. If somebody could have done it from the outside then I would have done it myself, since I can already see those damn invisible strings tying you to your spirits as clear as day! Anyway, we're just wasting time arguing about this. Let's move on with the rest of the meeting. Kate, what's your status? Did you manage to magically sharpen your icicles enough to affect those targets I gave you?"


[11] "Thank you..." Kate says. "I will gladly accept your help."

"You said that aura sharpness is what Kate needs to be focusing on, but what about aura hardening?" Hadrik asks Arraka. "Could I try to hit the God of Time with my fists if I made my aura hard enough?"

"Eh..." Arraka says. "I suppose it theoretically could be possible, but it would certainly be much less effective. You could try punching some of Kate's targets to see how well you're doing, but I wouldn't get my hopes up if I were you. So, let's see who was next on the list... I already confirmed that Barry and Leila haven't made any progress in unlocking the stat device's magical stats, so I guess that leaves us with Flower and Illuna, but I already know their progress since I'm always hanging around their neck. Flower, you should just keep focusing on sharpening your element, like Kate. Illuna, you could do that too, but I think you should keep working on those techniques I've taught you, back when I was still your mentor. Sharpening your element will come much more naturally, once you've practiced those techniques well enough."


[12] "No, this is only the beginning," she says. "In the coming weeks, I will be teaching these shmucks everything they need to know in order to fight Selkram, specifically. I will tell them all his weaknesses, all of his personality quirks, all the ways to provoke him into doing something stupid, and everything else that comes to mind from all of my years of confrontations with him. And also, since we will inevitably need to pass through at least one more of Selkram's rituals before we can openly attack him, one other thing I will be doing is that I'm going to be teaching these losers all they need to know in order to wipe that arrogant, smug, irritating grin off my past self's face, once and for all. I will show that buffoon what it means to mess with someone of my caliber. She will be eradicated from the face of the earth, and it will be this pathetic circus troupe that does her in. I can't think of a more fitting end for that cretin, who refused my benevolent offer and openly tried to threaten me into making me her pet."

"Uh... you do realize that you are talking about yourself right now, don't you?" Hadrik says.

"Myself?" Arraka says. "That sad imitation WISHES she could be me. She may think she's smart, but we'll see who gets the last laugh once I'm done with her."

"Yeah, but if you tell us her weaknesses, wouldn't it mean that you'd be telling us your own weaknesses?..." Hadrik says. "Wouldn't that help us fight you too, instead of just her?"


[13] "Rose already told us that the only people she remembered visiting after leaving us were Azarius and his pupil," I say. "She said that everything in her head was blurry after that."

"Well, she should try harder to remember, then!" Arraka says. "She's the only one who could realistically find out this information without us having to scour the entire continent, asking random people about it. And it's not like we can just skip over this step of the plan, either. Like I told you yesterday, keeping the God of Time from gathering new energy isn't enough. We also need to make him expend as much energy as possible, while he's maintaining these rituals of his. I have a pretty good idea of what sorts of things we could do inside these rituals to force him to spend a lot of energy, but unless everyone else that gets trapped in these rituals does it too, it will just be a waste of time! By the way, what about that other thing we needed from Rose? Is she working on a way to keep Selkram from stealing her time reversal power in the future? Because, you know... there's not much use in fighting someone who can just reverse time to heal his wounds every time he's in a pinch."


[14] "The revenant already told us that the only people she remembered visiting after leaving us were Azarius and his pupil," I say. "She said that everything in her head was blurry after that."

"Well, she should try harder to remember, then!" Arraka says. "She's the only one who could realistically find out this information without us having to scour the entire continent, asking random people about it. And it's not like we can just skip over this step of the plan, either. Like I told you yesterday, keeping the God of Time from gathering new energy isn't enough. We also need to make him expend as much energy as possible, while he's maintaining these rituals of his. I have a pretty good idea of what sorts of things we could do inside these rituals to force him to spend a lot of energy, but unless everyone else that gets trapped in these rituals does it too, it will just be a waste of time! By the way, what about that other thing we needed from the revenant? Did you manage to contact her through the transceiver, after all?"


[15] "Huh?... Oh, yes... Yes, of course!" I say, in a slightly hesitant tone, as Kate turns to look at me, suspiciously.

"Uh-huh," Arraka says. "The winner. Right..."

She remains silent for about two seconds, and then she continues.

"So anyway, there is much more I'd like to discuss with you all about Selkram and his weaknesses, but like I said before, our top priority at the moment should be to get in contact with one of the spirits from the magical plane. Therefore, I will spend the remainder of this meeting trying to teach Daren and Hadrik the basics of auras, in the hopes that we can actually make some meaningful progress, this time around. Everyone else is dismissed. You can go tend to your own tasks regarding Selkram, or whatever it is you want to do. Daren, Hadrik, come over here. We've got work to do."

As everyone is moving away from the meeting area, I get ready to leave as well, but just as I take my first step Kate places herself in front of me, blocking my path, while looking at me with a very serious expression on her face.


[16] "No," Kate says. "But this isn't the only time when you've acted out of the ordinary in the past few days. You've been behaving strangely ever since those rituals. Even if you are still trying to act like your old, nonchalant self, in order to avoid arousing any suspicion, it is as clear as day that you are only pretending. You used to have this sort of... stubborn ignorance regarding any sort of obstacle that would realistically be impossible to surpass. It was neither courage, nor a lack of fear. It was something else. It seemed as if your previous self was literally incapable of processing the very notion of danger. But now you are different. Somehow, you've become able to understand what danger truly is, and it's eating you up inside."

She then pauses for a few seconds, and she frowns at me, while looking directly into my eyes.

"So, are you planning to talk about it, or are you just going to keep pretending that nothing has happened?" Kate says.

"Wow..." I say. "You really managed to read me like an open book, didn't you? I suppose there's not much use in hiding it any longer, if you were already able to figure out this much on your own. Let's... head over to those two rocks over there, and I'll tell you what you want to know."

Kate and I both start walking towards two big rocks, facing each other, which are still on top of the hill we were on, but far from where Daren, Hadrik and Arraka are having their training session. Once we reach the rocks, we each lean with our backs against them, as Kate crosses her arms, looking at me intently.


[17] "The thing is that it wasn't just my memories that were affected by what happened back then," I say. "Somehow, I must have felt such a strong need to never freeze up in fear again, that I subconsciously eliminated my survival instincts from my decision making process. But now that I realize what happened, it's a little harder for me to maintain the same attitude from before. I just can't help but ask myself if the decisions I'm making are really okay, or if it's only my defective instincts kicking in again, clouding my judgment..."

"Is this why you were hesitant in answering Hadrik, earlier?" Kate says. "Are you starting to have second thoughts about your reasons for joining this tournament?"

"No!" I blurt out at first, but then I take a few seconds to reconsider my words. "I mean... I don't think so... I still want to win and become a mage. It's just that..."

I pause, not knowing exactly what to say.


[18] "But what if you tried to use the knowledge from the Magium to alter your stat device?" Kate says. "From what Arraka said, I'm guessing that it's somehow possible to access the Magium even if you don't enter its world. Surely, amongst all that knowledge, there would also be a way to make your stat device gain its energy directly from the magical plane instead of getting it from other mages, don't you think?"

"I... think you might be right!" I say, as I suddenly jump up from the rock I was leaning against. "Yes... Why didn't I think of that? Even without knowing what exactly the Magium is, I still should be able to at the very least get some knowledge from it. And given my advantage of being a half-lessathi, I might actually be able to make my own version of a stat device, with enough practice. That's brilliant!"

"So, should I take it that you've now gained back some of your motivation for winning this competition?" Kate says, as she raises an eyebrow, while still leaning with her back against the rock.

"Yes, definitely!" I say.

"Good," Kate says. "Maybe now you'll be able to finally focus more on our goals, than on your own internal turmoil. It was getting tiresome to look at your depressed face all day."


[19] As she becomes less tense, I can see that she has a very tired look in her eyes, as if she's been overexerting herself for a long while, even though we haven't had any fights in the past few days.

"I've had a little trouble sleeping, lately, but nothing too serious," Kate says, as she continues to look to her side. "It's been three days already, so I've mostly gotten over it by now."

"It really doesn't look like you've gotten over it to me!" I say. "If I didn't know any better, I'd think you've been battling an army of dragons by yourself for hours on end, judging by how tired you look right now."

Kate frowns at me.

"See, this is why I try to never let it show on my face how I really feel," she says. "I don't want other people to start worrying about me, when they've already got their own problems to deal with."


[20] Having finished our conversation, Kate and I go past the place where Arraka was training Daren and Hadrik, and then we slowly begin to climb down the hill so we can reach our camp. 

When we get close to the tents, we see that Leila was sitting on a rock next to a tree stump, which she likely wants to use as a makeshift table on which we can place my stat device while she works on it. Kate goes on ahead in the direction of her tent, while I take my stat booster out of my pocket and put it on the tree stump, so Leila and I can continue our work from where we left off yesterday.

"Sorry it took so long," I tell Leila. "Kate had a few things to discuss with me, so I couldn't come down right away."

"It's not a problem," Leila writes, while smiling. "I'm glad that you two finally found the time to have a discussion in private. I'm guessing that she finally approached you about your sudden change in attitude from the last few days?"

"Uh... yes," I say. "Yes, exactly. How did you know? Did you already talk to Kate about this?" 


[21] We spent the next two hours trying to fiddle with my stat booster, in order to see if we could somehow unlock the three hidden aura stats that Arraka told me about during our meeting. Given that we didn't want to disturb Daren during his training session with Arraka, we initially tried to make do with the enchanting tools we had already gotten from him two days ago, when we started working on figuring out the secret code required to activate the magical stats. Once Daren came down from the hill, however, we asked him if he could give us some more appropriate tools, because the ones we were using before were better suited for our previous task of cracking codes, and not so useful for our new goal of finding hidden menus.

With the help of Daren and with Leila's knowledge of magical devices from her father, we eventually managed to discover the hidden menus that Arraka was talking about, but now we were facing a new challenge, as the only method Daren and Leila could come up with for unlocking these hidden stats was a risky one, which may even render my device completely useless if we got unlucky.


[22] "Well..." Daren says, as he looks at my shocked face. "You can't say I didn't warn you. Like I said before, if we try to mess with it even more now, we might risk breaking it completely. We no longer have any other choice than to wait until we reach Ollendor and hope that Leila's father can fix this somehow. He spent a lot of time modifying Leila's stat device so with a little luck, he might also know a way to cancel the lockdown. You're just going to have to live without a functional stat booster for a day or two, until we actually find him."

"Yeah..." I say, as I calm myself down a little from the initial shock. "I get it. I'll handle myself until then."

"So, I know that you're not exactly in the best of moods right now, but we should get ready to take the first night shift," Daren says. "The others have already gone to sleep for the most part."
 
"Alright," I say. "Let me just get my crossbow from my tent, and I'll be right with you."


[23] "Hey, you don't have to act so shocked about it!" Daren says. "I've been practicing before today too, haven't I?"

"Yeah, but never during your free time!" I say. "You were only doing it during the daily time intervals we've all agreed to spend on honing our skills, in preparation for our inevitable battle against the God of Time. And even then, you seemed to be doing everything half-assedly, without taking any of it seriously."

"That's because I didn't think Arraka would actually give us genuinely good advice!" Daren says. "When I heard her say all that nonsensical-sounding stuff about the auras the first time, I could have sworn she was pulling our leg. I didn't expect her to actually be serious about any of this. It was only after I saw that 'waterfall' in the aura above people's heads that I realized she wasn't fooling around, like she usually does."

"Huh..." I say, in a thoughtful voice. "That's funny. I could have sworn that your real reason for not wanting to follow Arraka's advice was because she's evil, and you suspected she had ulterior motives for wanting to help us."


[24] "No..." Daren says, in disbelief. "That can't be what he meant. Eiden has lost his humanity a long time ago. He might have had good intentions at some point, but that was hundreds of years ago! You've seen the way he acts. He considers humans to be nothing more than insects. He even said this himself. There's no way he'd be having second thoughts now, after all this time."

"Are you sure about that?" I say. "Because if we are to judge him by how he reacted when I told him I'd save all the cities in Varathia, I'd say the situation might be quite different. I think that deep down he wants to be wrong, but it's way too late for him to turn back now. That's why he is giving us one last chance to do what he couldn't do, before everything goes down the drain, for good."

"Oh, boy..." Daren says. "I had completely forgotten about how you said you'd solve all of Varathia's problems by yourself too. Between winning the tournament, killing the God of Time and saving the cities, you sure have a busy schedule ahead of you, don't you, Barry?..."

"Hey, you know me!" I say, trying to appear as confident as possible. "It's all in the day's work!"


[25] Ever since that day when we fought the Sage of the North, Melindra has begun to interact a lot more normally with the group, and she even offered to take some night shifts every now and then. While she still hasn't completely gotten over her habit of provoking reactions from people for her own amusement, the others have begun to understand that there is no ill-intent behind her actions, so nowadays they mostly just brush her off whenever she is up to her old antics. From what I've seen, Flower and I are still the ones that Melindra trusts the most in our group, but she is definitely acting a lot more relaxed around the others than she used to.

We left Hadrik and Melindra just as they were about to start a game of cards, and we each went to our tents so we could enjoy some sleep for the rest of the night. 

When I woke up the next morning, I went to eat some breakfast made by Flower, and after we were all done with our food we resumed our journey, with Melindra taking the lead as always.

Not long after our departure, Daren began to ask Arraka various technical questions about how to analyze auras, to the shock of everybody else around him. Seeing that he wasn't planning to shut up by himself, Arraka eventually decided to stop ignoring Daren, and to address him directly.

"Have you gone daft?" Arraka says. "Our training session isn't scheduled until later this evening. Why the hell are you asking me all these questions now?"


[26] Ever since that day when we fought the Sage of the North, Melindra has begun to interact a lot more normally with the group, and she even offered to take some night shifts every now and then. While she still hasn't completely gotten over her habit of provoking reactions from people for her own amusement, the others have begun to understand that there is no ill-intent behind her actions, so nowadays they mostly just brush her off whenever she is up to her old antics. From what I've seen, Flower and I are still the ones that Melindra trusts the most in our group, but she is definitely acting a lot more relaxed around the others than she used to.

We left Hadrik and Melindra just as they were about to start a game of cards, and we each went to our tents so we could enjoy some sleep for the rest of the night. 

When I woke up the next morning, I went to eat some breakfast made by Flower, and then I called Rose through the transceiver in order to give her a short summary of what we've discussed with Arraka during our meeting. Once I finished my conversation with Rose and after everyone else was also done eating their food, we resumed our journey, with Melindra taking the lead as always.

Not long after our departure, Daren began to ask Arraka various technical questions about how to analyze auras, to the shock of everybody else around him. Seeing that he wasn't planning to shut up by himself, Arraka eventually decided to stop ignoring Daren, and to address him directly.

"Have you gone daft?" Arraka says. "Our training session isn't scheduled until later this evening. Why the hell are you asking me all these questions now?"


[27] Flower's eyes turn blue all of a sudden, as Illuna looks at Daren for a few seconds before answering.

"Come here," Illuna says, eventually. "We'll see what I can show you until we reach the city."

We travelled for a few more hours before Melindra finally told us that we were getting close to our destination. During this time, Daren has been practicing his aura reading skills with the help of Illuna and Leila, although from what I've seen, progress has been a little slow.

When Daren finally decided to take a break, Flower took advantage of this opportunity to ask Melindra about the new rocks she's added to her collection in the past few days.


[28] "Hold on, there..." Melindra says, as she suddenly turns towards us. "You guys have been discussing how to infiltrate the city of Ollendor without including me in your meetings?"

"Well, we asked you to join us a million times, but you just kept putting us off, so we eventually had to do a meeting without you!" Daren says. "It's not like we could just start planning these things after we'd already reached the city."

"Why not?" Melindra asks, confused. "Wouldn't it have been a better idea to wait and see the city's defenses, before you made any concrete plans?"

"Well, yeah sure, but it's not like we don't already have a general idea of what we might be going up against," Daren says. "I mean, we've already seen Thilias' defenses, so I'm guessing that Ollendor can't be that much different."

"Oh, I assure you that Ollendor is quite different when it comes to their defenses," Melindra says.

"Then why don't you just tell us these differences, so we can adjust our plans accordingly?" Daren asks her.

"Because it would be more difficult for me to explain, than to simply show it to you," Melindra says. "You'll understand once we get there."


[29] "Well..." Melindra says, and then she pushes away the willow branches in front of us, so we can get out of the forest.

What we see when we walk out of the woods stuns us briefly, as we all just gaze in complete shock at the city that can be seen in the distance, in front of us. Just like Melindra told us, it looks like the ruins of the black seredium towers that used to gather magical energy for the old lessathi empire are still being preserved, but what she omitted to tell us was that they are apparently still functional, even in this state of decay.

In a similar fashion to how it all worked five thousand years ago, these towers have flying platforms on each side of them which carry mages across their various levels, and on top of each of the ruined towers there is a purple-colored yarn of magical energy that is moving chaotically in every direction. Someone must have restored these towers somehow, but not to their full functionality, because their size is at least four times smaller than the towers we saw during the ritual, and the energy they are radiating is nowhere near as impressive as the one from five thousand years ago.

