
[1] 

[2] "Only an oaf like you could see my words of wisdom as anything other than a pure blessing!" Arraka says. "Do you have any idea how many would kill to have me as their mentor? Well, not specifically me, but someone like me, with thousands of years of knowledge about magic, and who originates from the very plane of existence where all of the magical energy in this world is coming from. And instead, look what you're doing! You are just squandering away all of this immense potential, for the simple reason that you are too lazy to try to understand what I'm teaching you."

"I did try to understand!" Daren says. "But none of what you've said is making any sense to me."

"Well, then try harder!" Arraka says. "Or ask better questions. What is it that you are having trouble with? Is it the visualization part? Is it the fact that your magical sense is too weak to tell the difference between the countless layers that make up your aura? Can you even do elementary stuff, like being able to tell how old a person is from analyzing their aura? I have no idea what you weaklings are capable of. All I know is that your magical sense is nowhere near as refined as mine, but that could mean anything."


[3] "Hahahaha!" Hadrik laughs. "Daren, did you hear that? I think she wants you to go for a swim!"

Daren does not say anything, and he keeps looking straight at Arraka's amulet in deep concentration.   

"Daren?..." Hadrik says.

"No, no, no, this can't be right..." Daren tells Arraka, after a short while. "It tells me here that your age is negative three hundred fifteen. Unless I'm supposed to decipher it or something, this number doesn't tell me anything."

"Don't read my age, you dope!" Arraka says. "I'm hiding it on purpose, so people can't tell exactly how old I am. I've also taught Illuna to do the same. Read somebody else's aura. Like that of the ice mage. Or that of the mute girl. Neither of their ages is hidden in any way, and they should be easy for you to see."


[4] "But would they believe you?..." Melindra says.

"They would be forced to believe me if I gave them enough proof," Arraka says. "And since I'm the one who invented the technique, I obviously know exactly what they need to test for, in order to convince themselves that the voices are indeed coming from badly absorbed spirits. Once they find this out, it's going to be complete chaos! All of the gods and powerful spirits in the magical realm will start fearing for their own existence, and they will try to rid themselves of both Selkram and Ulruk. This would also force the God of Fate to pick a side in this conflict, and while Memphir may not care much about the God of Time, he most certainly couldn't just turn against the God of Death right in the middle of their alliance. Thus, the three gods would have no choice but to form a new alliance, while making enemies out of every single spirit in the magical plane. The God of Storms and the God of the Seas would most definitely be leading the charge against them, and there are some strong animal and monster spirits too, that could pose quite a challenge for our godly trio."


[5] "No, the icicles just keep passing right through them," Kate says. "I tried sinking a lot of my magical energy into my projectiles to make them as powerful as possible, but it's still not having any effect, no matter how hard I try."

"It's not the power that you need to be focusing on," Arraka says. "It's the sharpness. Let me explain. Those targets I made for you were created from a substance that is similar to the 'solid light' that makes up Selkram's energetic body. In order to be able to directly affect something like that, you need to focus less on the physical aspect of your ice, and more on its aura. When you magically sharpen your projectiles, what you are doing in fact is that you are sharpening the auras of your icicles, not the icicles themselves. It's the same when you use magical sharpening for any other elements. And if the aura is sharp enough, it can affect even a body that is made almost entirely out of energy. That's why no matter how powerful or fast you make your projectiles, it has no meaning unless their aura is good enough."


[6] "I will keep that in mind," Illuna says.

"Alright," Arraka says. "So we've got Barry who's working on unlocking his magical stats, we've got Kate, Flower and Illuna who are working on their elemental magic, and we've got Daren, whose enchanted sword may well be the only weapon somewhat capable of harming the God of Time right now, but who can't even defend himself from someone throwing a pebble, without covering himself in heavy armor... I love it! This team is so beyond hopeless that if you people actually end up killing Selkram, it would be the most hilarious thing to have ever happened in all of the history of the magical and earthen planes combined. I mean, just imagine the humiliation Selkram would be going through in his final moments, after being beaten by this group of pushovers! I am trembling in excitement at the very idea of it!"


[7] "Those weaknesses are from five thousand years ago," Arraka says. "I've found ways to work around most of them since then. And besides, if we ever have a fight again I'd rather it be something more thrilling than just me turning you all into dust in a few seconds. That kind of an anti-climactic battle just kind of ruins all the tension, you know what I mean?"

"We're getting side-tracked again," Illuna says. "Arraka, what was that new plan you said you came up with earlier today, while we were travelling? I thought you had some new important information to give us, aside from our usual progress status routine."

"Oh, yeah!" Arraka says. "Remember how I told you that the next time we're in a ritual, we're going to need to be in complete control of our emotions so we no longer give that bastard all the energy he needs? Well, our efforts will be useless if we don't also coordinate ourselves with all the other groups that received the prophecy after us. We already know that the Sage of the West and his pupil were among these groups, and from what I gathered, some of you met this 'Azarius' on this continent already. So my question is, do you have any means of communicating with him? Maybe a transceiver, given to him by Daren?"


[8] "Rose hasn't even managed to use any of her time powers successfully, yet," I say. "She's been trying to activate them for the past few days, but it's nowhere near as easy as it was when she was connected to the Magium."

"It doesn't matter if she can control her powers or not!" Arraka says. "This is an entirely different matter. Restricting control of her powers to other people should be easier to do than using those powers herself. Tell her that she only needs to figure out where the time reversal power is located in her mind, and to hide it behind a wall that is unbreakable by outside forces."

"Uhm... okay," I say. "I'll tell her that. Not sure how much it will help, but I'll tell her."

"She'll be fine," Arraka says. "If she was smart enough to figure out how to use her time powers while connected to the Magium, she should also be able to figure out what my words mean. It's probably going to take her a while to actually put it all into practice, though."


[9] "No, I've tried to contact her several times, but her transceiver channel has remained closed since that day with the ritual," I say. "I don't think we'll get a chance to talk to her unless she needs to contact us herself."

"Damn," Arraka says. "That's not good. If we don't get her to somehow block out Selkram from stealing her time reversal powers, fighting him will be completely meaningless. What's the use in harming someone, if they can just keep reversing time to heal all of their wounds?"

"In the worst case scenario, we'll still get to meet her in the next ritual, right?" I say. "We could tell her about our plan then."

"Yeah," Arraka says, "but I would have preferred to give her some more time to prepare herself, since creating a mental block of this complexity is not something you can do overnight."


[10] "It's just that you are no longer so certain that you can achieve the impossible, like before?" Kate says.

"It's more than that," I say. "I don't even know if the prize I'm seeking is really what I thought it was, anymore. I have no idea if there's any way to use the Magium to grant me magical powers. I'm not even sure if I still WANT the Magium. All of the legends used to say that it was supposed to be the source of all magic, but I think it's much more than that. We almost got erased from existence, solely because Arraka chose her words wrong while we were in the Magium's territory. Even if I gained access to the Magium, what then?... How would I even know how to use it? There's no way I could ever learn how to manipulate that strange world with the same confidence that Arraka did. And to make matters worse, one simple mistake from my part could lead to my instant obliteration. If I somehow won the tournament and could freely use the Magium, how would I even know where to begin?"


[11] Leila shakes her head.

"No," she writes. "But I could see the uneasiness in her eyes whenever she noticed that you weren't acting like your usual self, and knowing Kate, I figured that she would confront you directly about this sooner or later. So, how was your discussion? Did Kate manage to help you out in some way?"

"Yeah..." I say. "She definitely did."

"That's good to hear!" Leila writes. "Honestly, I wasn't really sure if you'd be open to speak about your ritual with her, given how everyone's been completely avoiding talking about this subject in the past few days. I realize that each one of us was affected by these trials in a different way, but sometimes it's better to get these things off your chest, than to keep bottling them up inside."

"You mean like how you told me and Kate about your ritual, the day after the prophecy?" I say.

Leila nods.

"I was surprised that more people didn't feel the need to talk about it," Leila writes. "I would have thought that most people would want to discuss these things with friends, instead of trying to pretend that nothing happened..."


[12] "No matter how long I think about this, I'm not seeing another option," Daren says, as he is holding two sharp metal tools in his hands, using them to manipulate the aura around my stat device. "I'm not sure if Leila's father could come up with a better idea than this, but I can't think of any other way of unlocking these extra stats than to break the seal placed on them by force. The problem is that if there is some sort of security measure in place to prevent such a thing from happening, your stat device may go into an emergency lockdown mode which could completely prevent you from using your regular stats until the lockdown is deactivated. If that happens, then fiddling with the device further without having a very deep understanding of how its mechanisms work could cause it to break completely. Maybe it would indeed be better to wait for Leila's father and see if he has some other ideas, before we go any further with this plan."


[13] "Yeah, well," Daren says, "if there's anything I've learned from that whole ordeal with the rituals, it's that just because someone is evil, it doesn't mean that they will always have evil intentions. Especially if we're talking about unpredictable characters like Eiden or Arraka. Even if they help you completely out of the blue, it might still just be something they decided to do on a whim, or for a reason that is merely selfish, but not insincere. Like how Arraka is putting so much effort into this plan simply because the scenario of such a weak group defeating the God of Time amuses her."

He pauses, as his gaze now turns to the side.

"Or how Eiden offered to give me the power to save Ella simply because he wanted to see me humiliate myself, and not because he had any other ulterior motives," Daren says, with a much heavier tone in his voice.


[14] "Yeah, well," Daren says, "if there's anything I've learned from that whole ordeal with the rituals, it's that just because someone is evil, it doesn't mean that they will always have evil intentions. Especially if we're talking about unpredictable characters like Eiden or Arraka. Even if they help you completely out of the blue, it might still just be something they decided to do on a whim, or for a reason that is merely selfish, but not insincere. Like how Arraka is putting so much effort into this plan simply because the scenario of such a weak group defeating the God of Time amuses her."

He pauses, as his gaze now turns to the side.

"Or how Eiden offered to give me the power to save that slave girl simply because he wanted to see me humiliate myself, and not because he had any other ulterior motives," Daren says, with a much heavier tone in his voice.


[15] "What the hell?..." Daren says. "Did you hit yourself in the head or something? I could swear that I heard some hesitation in your voice just now!"

"What are you talking about?" I say. "Of course I wasn't hesitating! I never hesitate. Maybe you're the one who hit himself in the head, instead of me."

"Right..." Daren says, as he looks at me suspiciously. "Listen, if you think that your plan of fixing all the problems in Varathia is too reckless, then you don't have to go through with it. We already know from the prophecy that we will have the possibility to save the cities from destruction either way, so you don't need to rely on Eiden's generosity. In fact, it might be better if we didn't take his word for granted at all, because who knows when he might change his mind... And even if you are right about him and he does truly wish to be wrong about his stance on humanity, I don't think he will make life any easier for us when we walk through those cities. In fact, I am almost certain that he will be doing everything he can to make things as hard as possible for us, in order to both 'test' us and amuse himself at the same time. We might be better off just focusing on the prophecy for now, and dealing with the cities after one of us gains access to the Magium."


[16] "Because what you told me doesn't make any sense!" Daren says, exasperated. "How am I supposed to find the right flow line in Barry's aura when there are a million of them, and they all look exactly the same?"

"What do you mean they look the same?" Arraka says. "Each and every one of them is completely different. Even their movements are more or less independent from each other. Are you really THAT stupid? How much do I need to dumb this down for you so that I won't feel like talking to a brick wall?"

"I think you should start with learning how to detect the aura of a regular lessathi first, Daren," Flower says, in an uncharacteristically serious tone. "Even Arraka thought Barry was a normal lessathi at first, and you know how good she is with auras. If this isn't the kind of difference that she can tell at a glance, without specifically looking for it, then you have no chance of finding it on your first try. Illuna can tell the difference between a lessathi and a human's aura, so maybe she could explain it to you in terms that are easier to understand."

"I told you that there is no need for you to call me by my real name!" Illuna says. "You can just keep calling me Petal, like you always do."

"Whatever you say, Illuna," Flower says.

"Ugh..." Illuna says. "Do what you will."

"Wait, you two are still fighting since yesterday evening?..." I say.

"We're not fighting," Flower says, simply.

"Right..." I say


[17] That being said, it looks like even this smaller amount of energy is more than enough to power up all of the magical contraptions they could possibly need. The air above the city is being filled with flying metal vehicles, the large holographic screens in the sky that we saw in the old lessathi empire are also present, and aside from all that, there seem to be quite a few twenty-foot tall metal golems that are patrolling the area around the city, ready to attack any unwanted intruders. As we look at the city in front of us with our jaws dropped, a lonely bird innocently tries to fly over the walls, so it can get to the other side.

Just as it passes the wall, one of the golems immediately turns its head towards it, and it sends a huge beam of fire flying out of its mouth which incinerates its target instantly, leaving only ashes in the air where the bird once was.

While the rest of us are simply staring in front of us in disbelief, it is Hadrik who breaks the silence, by asking Melindra a question.

"So..." Hadrik says. "I'm guessing that's a 'no' on the plan to fly us over the walls, then?"

