
[1] 

[2] "Summer storms in Varathia are highly unpredictable," the king of the underground says. "There really is no way to tell in advance how long they will last. An opportunity like this is too valuable to pass up, even if it means going into battle a little less prepared than we would have hoped."

"Is Breynan done teleporting everyone?" Albert says, as he looks around, counting the people in the room. "I'm still not seeing Herman or Howard. Will they be joining us after all or not?"

"Howard will not be coming with us," the king of the underground says. "His wound from yesterday had reopened right after you teleported to the surface, despite all the healing he's received, so I was forced to ask him to stay behind."

"That is... unfortunate," Albert says. "I know how much he wanted to be a part of the final mission to liberate Ollendor, so I can only imagine how tough it must be for him to get cast aside like this. What about Herman?"


[3] "I'll keep this brief," the king of the underground says. "I know that you all want this to end. I know that you've been waiting for this day for many years. The day when Ollendor finally becomes free... Well, right now the only thing that stands between us and that freedom is the Overseer. He is the sole remnant of an age of tyranny and repression that has claimed many lives of our brothers and sisters. But that ends today! Today we will claim back what is rightfully ours. Today, we take back Ollendor!"

The king of the underground lets his men cheer for a few seconds, but then he raises his hands in the air, signaling them to stop.

"Does everyone know what they need to do?" he asks.

"Yes, my lord," we hear a few of the warriors say, as the others are also nodding their heads in agreement.

"Then let us proceed," the king says. "Our destination is not much further from this building. We will make sure to take out as many of the drones as we can on our way there. May the gods be with us!"


[4] "Having second thoughts, Barry?" Daren asks me in a low voice, as he sees me looking at Jack while he leaves.

It takes me a few moments to understand that what he's referring to is our decision to betray the king of the underground and side with the Overseer. I take a look around to make sure that nobody is watching us, and then I answer him in a whisper.

"No," I say. "I mean, it's not like we're going to get them all killed, right? They'll still come back with us to the underground after everything is said and done."

"It depends on how the battle will go," Daren says. "But we'll try to keep the casualties to a minimum."

"So... any final remarks before we head into battle?" Hadrik says, as our group is staying behind, watching the king of the underground's men leaving the building.


[5] "So... any final remarks before we head into battle?" Hadrik says, as our group is staying behind, watching the king of the underground's men leaving the building.


[6] "Okay," Melindra says, as she is approaching us, "so I wanted to tell you guys that I checked the storm outside while you were busy talking, and it's pretty bad. Barry, I'm not sure how well my magical air currents will work in that strong wind if I give you full control over them like I usually do. I could try to make them more stable, but that would require me to take partial control of them manually from the ground, so you'd be getting a noticeable delay each time you change direction. What do you say?"

"How big of a delay are we talking about, here?" I say.

"I don't know... one or two seconds?" Melindra says. "Maybe more? It depends on my reaction time and a few other things. Like for example if you are in my field of view or not. Or if I'm being attacked and can't pay attention to you."

"And if you get attacked while I'm in the air, what happens then?" I say. "Will I be stuck in the middle of the sky, unable to move?"


[7] "No," Daren says. "The king explicitly told us to wait here while they set up their defenses for the battle against the drones. He said that he doesn't want the Overseer to be aware of our presence initially, so that he'll miscalculate the number of drones that he needs to send to deal with his enemies."

"Or maybe the king of the underground simply doesn't trust us, and that was just an excuse to keep us from joining the battle," Kate says.

"If they already suspect us," Daren says, "then going against the king's orders would make it even more difficult for us to set up the ambush properly. Don't worry, the Overseer said that he won't start the fight until we're all in position. I'm sure the king will call us after waiting for a few more minutes and seeing that nothing is happening."


[8] "No," Daren says. "The king explicitly told us to wait here while they set up their defenses for the battle against the drones. He said that he doesn't want the Overseer to be aware of our presence initially, so that he'll miscalculate the number of drones that he needs to send to deal with his enemies."

"Or maybe the king of the underground simply doesn't trust us, and that was just an excuse to keep us from joining the battle," Kate says.

"If he doesn't want us to fight alongside them, then it's their loss," Daren says. "I don't think that's the case, though. I say we wait for a few more minutes and if we still don't hear a word from them, we'll take a peek outside to see what's going on."


[9] "That would be one way to interpret this, of course," the king says, "but I've sent a few scouts ahead to check, and I've been informed that there aren't even any drones trying to approach our current location. One would have thought that the Overseer would at least try to ready some of his forces for the upcoming conflict, even if he's not planning to make the first move. However, the drones seem to be ignoring us completely, and I can't help but wonder what is causing such an unusual behavio--"

"Your highness, are you there?" we hear a man's voice, coming through a transceiver that the king of the underground was keeping strapped to his belt.

"I can hear you," the king says, after he taps the transceiver once. "Tell me, what is it?"

"It was just as you predicted, my king!" the man says. "The flying metal balls started slowly advancing towards your position shortly after the outsiders exited the abandoned storage building! They must have been scheming together with the Overseer this whole time. There's no doubt about it!"


[10] "Ah, I see now what is going on," the king of the underground says. "I cannot fault you for your actions, if this is indeed what you've heard. Seeing as how we do not have much time, I will choose to trust your words for now, and we will revisit this conversation later, once we are all out of here safely."

He then taps his transceiver, so that he can talk to his scout.

"Gregory, how long until the flying metal balls reach us?" the king of the underground says.

"Uh... they should be there any minute, my lord," Gregory says.

"Perfect," the king says. "Let's give them an easy target to shoot at, then."

After saying this, the king of the underground raises his arms and then he begins  to slowly rise into the air, as a bolt of lightning from the storm can be seen striking somewhere in the distance.

"He can fly?!" Hadrik asks.

"I actually got this idea from your friend, Barry," the king of the underground shouts loudly from above, answering Hadrik's question. "I heard from my men about the air current spell he was using to fly around, and I asked my air elementalists if they couldn't come up with something similar to what Melindra had been casting."


[11] He then taps his transceiver, so that he can talk to his scout.

"Gregory, how long until the flying metal balls reach us?" the king of the underground says.

"Uh... they should be there any minute, my lord," Gregory says.

"Perfect," the king says. "Let's give them an easy target to shoot at, then."

After saying this, the king of the underground raises his arms and then he begins  to slowly rise into the air, as a bolt of lightning from the storm can be seen striking somewhere in the distance.

"He can fly?!" Hadrik asks.

"I actually got this idea from your friend, Barry," the king of the underground shouts loudly from above, answering Hadrik's question. "I heard from my men about the air current spell he was using to fly around, and I asked my air elementalists if they couldn't come up with something similar to what Melindra had been casting."


[12] The more speed the fireballs gain, the less it becomes possible to distinguish their movements and eventually it all becomes one big blur of rapidly spinning fire, while the ice covering Albert slowly melts into water.

As soon as the circling flames slow down and disappear, the now unfrozen Albert collapses on the floor with his eyes closed.

"Did it work?" Kate asks, somewhat anxiously. "Is he still alive?"

"Yes!" Flower says, after checking his pulse. "He's only unconscious, that's all!"

"So we do have a working counter-measure for my freezing, then," Kate says, relieved. "That's good to know."

"Look!" I tell Flower and Kate, as I point my finger towards thirty or so drones that have come out of nowhere and are now attacking the ground troops. "We have some reinforcements! And the king is busy with a new batch of drones in the sky, so he can't come and save his men. Now's our chance to--"

Just as I am about to finish my sentence, the red-eyed drones that were attacking the rebels fly higher into the sky and they begin to spin in place, while the light from their eyes is blinking constantly.


[13] "Is that what happened to Kate?" Hadrik says, as he carefully advances towards her to see if she's still breathing. "Where is he hiding? I may not be able to hurt him because he's a local, but I can still grab him and hold him in place for the rest of you."

"I don't know where he is," I say. "Just be on the lookout, okay? And always watch your back!"

"Well, Kate is alive," Hadrik says, once he gets closer to her. "She just collapsed. I wouldn't try to wake her up now, though. Might do her more harm than good."

"Look over there!" I tell Hadrik, as I point my finger towards thirty or so drones that have come out of nowhere and are now attacking the ground troops. "We have some reinforcements! And the king is busy with a new batch of drones in the sky, so he can't come and save his men. Now's our chance to--"

Just as I am about to finish my sentence, the red-eyed drones that were attacking the rebels fly higher into the sky and they begin to spin in place, while the light from their eyes is blinking constantly.


[14] I then turn towards Peter, who has been observing us carefully this whole time, with a frown on his face, and his arms crossed.

"How about it, Peter?" I say. "You won't mind if we take care of a few of these drones, will you?"

Peter does not answer me, and he keeps staring at me with the same frown as before.

"See?" I tell Daren. "He doesn't mind. Now come on, let's go!"

We walk past Peter, while he is still making sure to not let us out of his sight, and then we begin to fight some of the drones that have not reached the rebels yet. We do not get to do that for long, however, because the drones start to act very strangely all of a sudden, flying up in the air and spinning in place while the light from their eyes is blinking constantly.


[15] I am currently floating in what appears to be a sea of pure light, with none of my friends being anywhere near me. In fact, upon closer inspection of my surroundings, I realize that it is not only my friends and the world who are gone, but also my own person. When I look down I see no body: no arms, no legs, no torso... what about my head? The brightness of this place is almost blinding me, so logically speaking I must still have my eyes, right? But does that mean I'm just a floating head drifting about in this vast plane filled with nothing but light?

And what about my breathing?... I can't hear myself inhaling or exhaling. Have I just been holding my breath this entire time? Should I start breathing so I don't die of asphyxiation? My mind feels like a jumbled mess right now. I have no idea what to do.


[16] I wait around for a little while, but nothing's happening. Did I make the wish wrong? Let me try again. I wish to have legs! And the rest of my body too, actually. Give me my body back!

Again, nothing. This isn't working. Maybe I should just give up for now and try to make do with what I have. I only have my hands, not my entire arms, but I should still be able to get some use out of them, right?

As I instinctively do a swimming motion with my hands, I can feel myself advancing through the light, although there aren't really any points of reference around here, so there's no easy way for me to confirm my travelling speed. I keep swimming through the bright empty space for a few more minutes, until I hear a girl's voice calling out to me from a distance.

"Barry, is that you?" I hear Flower's voice faintly, as she is approaching me. "Wait there, don't move! I'm coming for you!"

When Flower gets closer to me, I see that her eyes are bright red, just like that time when she fought Eiden before we got into Thilias, and the aura around her body feels as if it were radiating heat.


[17] I look around myself and I see that we are now inside a room full of toys and countless decorations like mural paintings of knights and dragons, as well as a table on which there is an expensive looking vase with a few tulips in it. Leila and Hadrik are both standing in front of me, but I'm not seeing Illuna yet. Maybe she is in another room?

"See, Leila?" Flower says. "I told you that there would be nothing to worry about! Barry is fine, and he didn't do anything stupid, like trying to breathe without his lungs!"

"...What's that about me trying to breathe?" I say, somewhat anxiously.

"Oh," Flower says, "when I brought Leila here, I told her that most people who get thrown out of their own minds and into the light outside should be in a state of daze, mostly just floating around indefinitely until someone finds them, and that the only way they could die would be if they tried to breathe, because then they'd suddenly find themselves with a need to breathe fresh air into their lungs, but without having any actual lungs... or air. When she heard about this, Leila immediately panicked, and she told me that you're exactly the type of person who overthinks things in these sorts of situations to the point that you may well end up dying of suffocation. But you never tried to do any of that, did you, Barry?"

"Well, actually..." I say. "I may have been only a few moments away from trying to breathe at one point. The only thing that saved me was the fact that I realized there was no way I could need air to survive in this place if I'd already survived without breathing for so long."


[18] "Repeat after me," Illuna says. "Sehok amon rik tus selem."

"Sehok... amon rik tus... selem!" I say, as I keep staring at the feather very intently.

As soon as I'm done saying the words, I look down and I see how my arms are slowly materializing, and then my torso, and then my legs. In less than a few seconds, my whole body appears out of nowhere, as if it's only been invisible this whole time, and I am wearing the exact same clothes that I had on the earthen plane.

"That's amazing!" I say. "What did the incantation mean? I didn't recognize the language."

"It meant nothing," Illuna says, simply.

"Pardon?" I ask her, confused.

"It was gibberish," Illuna says. "Just something that I invented on the spot to make the ritual sound more believable."

"And the thing about looking at the feather?" I say. "Was that something you made up too?"


[19] "I'm not sure what the Overseer did, exactly," Illuna says, "but I assume that he must have somehow made use of his newfound knowledge about the blue crystals and the Magium to throw the souls of everyone in the area out of their own minds."

"I remember Kate telling us at one point about how she read in an old lessathi book that a person's mind is supposedly located on the ethereal plane and not on the earthen plane," I say. "When you say that the souls got thrown out of their minds, you're talking about their minds which are located here, in this plane of existence?"

"Yes," Illuna says, "I'm talking about the fortified structures that are designed to defend each soul against the corrosive effects of the ether, and which are also meant to help connect the soul to their earthen body. This house that we are in, for example, is Flower's mind."

"Is that so?..." I say, as I take a better look around the room that I am in.

"In any case, I believe that we are straying too far from our original topic," Illuna says. "The point I was trying to make was that if the Overseer did indeed find a way to eject all of the people in the plaza out of their minds, then the majority of the people involved in the fight against the drones should be floating in the ether right now."


[20] "Yes, your bodies are unconscious, but they are unhurt," Illuna says. "Nobody is moving at this time. Not even the drones. The only one awake in the area where the fight was taking place aside from myself is Arraka, who is ranting about how we can't even defend ourselves against a measly attack on our souls from the ethereal plane."

"If the drones are not moving, then could it be possible that the Overseer also displaced his own soul by mistake?" I ask. "Otherwise, I don't see any reason why he wouldn't at least try to capture the rebels while they're collapsed on the ground."

"We'll have to ask Flower if she can sense him somewhere in the ether once she comes back," Illuna says. "If he is out there, then your theory will become very likely."

"Does Flower also know where our minds are?" I hear Leila's inner voice talking, while her mouth is closed. "I have no recollection of getting thrown out of my mind, so I can't help her with directions even if she can teleport me there."

"Unfortunately no, she does not seem to be able to detect where your minds are," Illuna says. "That's why she had to bring you all here, to her own mind, as a temporary measure."

"Her mind?..." Hadrik asks, all of a sudden. "What do you mean her mind? Isn't this her house?"


[21] Just as Hadrik is done talking, Flower pops up into the room, with what I assume to be the rest of our friends, although I can't see their bodies.

"Sorry I was gone for so long!" Flower says. "It was REALLY difficult to locate Daren for some reason. Take a seat somewhere, guys! There's no need for you all to be standing up."

"Ugh... my head... I feel so dizzy!" I hear Daren's voice, as the rest of us are seating ourselves into the chairs and bed available in the room. "Is nobody else feeling nauseous on this plane of existence? Just me?"

"Nope," I hear Melindra's voice coming from somewhere near Daren. "No feeling of nausea whatsoever, and no dizziness either."

"I'm feeling fine as well," Kate's voice can now be heard from somewhere in the vicinity of Daren and Melindra.

"Yeah, and I'm pretty sure nobody else in this room is feeling light-headed, or they would have mentioned it by now," Hadrik says. "I think it's just you, buddy."

"Great..." Daren says. "Just my luck. If only there were some way for me to cast one of my anti-nausea spells in this place..."

"Hold on, I'll give you some medicine!" Flower says, as she opens up a drawer and takes a small wooden box out of it.


[22] Just as Hadrik is done talking, Flower pops up into the room, with what I assume to be the rest of our friends, although I can't see their bodies.

"Sorry I was gone for so long!" Flower says. "It was REALLY difficult to locate Daren for some reason. Take a seat somewhere, guys! There's no need for you all to be standing up."

"Ugh... my head... I feel so dizzy!" I hear Daren's voice, as the rest of us are seating ourselves into the chairs and bed available in the room. "Is nobody else feeling nauseous on this plane of existence? Just me?"

"Nope," I hear Melindra's voice coming from somewhere near Daren. "No feeling of nausea whatsoever, and no dizziness either."

"Yeah, and I'm pretty sure nobody else in this room is feeling light-headed, or they would have mentioned it by now," Hadrik says. "I think it's just you, buddy."

"Great..." Daren says. "Just my luck. If only there were some way for me to cast one of my anti-nausea spells in this place..."

"Hold on, I'll give you some medicine!" Flower says, as she opens up a drawer and takes a small wooden box out of it.


[23] "NO!" Flower shouts from the other room. "My cookies!"

"While we're waiting for Flower to clean up the mess from the kitchen," Illuna tells us, "might I suggest teaching our newest visitors how to regain their bodies? I'd rather not be speaking to disembodied ghosts for the rest of your stay here, if you don't mind."

For the next few minutes, Illuna shows Daren, Melindra and Kate how to will their bodies into existence in the same way that she taught me. Soon after she is done, Flower comes out of the kitchen with a large plate of cookies that she is now putting on a table in the middle of the room.

"There's no way you could have fixed the mess and baked new cookies in such a short amount of time," Illuna tells Flower. "You cheated, didn't you?"

"No!" Flower shouts. "I did everything by the book! I didn't make them appear out of nothing. I just... sped up the oven a little, that's all..."


[24] "NO!" Flower shouts from the other room. "My cookies!"

"While we're waiting for Flower to clean up the mess from the kitchen," Illuna tells us, "might I suggest teaching our newest visitors how to regain their bodies? I'd rather not be speaking to disembodied ghosts for the rest of your stay here, if you don't mind."

For the next few minutes, Illuna shows Daren and Melindra how to will their bodies into existence in the same way that she taught me. Soon after she is done, Flower comes out of the kitchen with a large plate of cookies that she is now putting on a table in the middle of the room.

"There's no way you could have fixed the mess and baked new cookies in such a short amount of time," Illuna tells Flower. "You cheated, didn't you?"

"No!" Flower shouts. "I did everything by the book! I didn't make them appear out of nothing. I just... sped up the oven a little, that's all..."


[25] "We can all hear what you're thinking," Illuna says, as she is staring at me with a frown. "You know this, don't you?"

"Oh, right," I say, a little embarrassed. "It was actually not my intention to say it out loud. Sorry about that!"

"The tea is ready!" we hear Flower, who was in the kitchen this whole time and didn't hear our previous conversation. "I'll bring it right away!"

She comes back a few seconds later with a kettle in her hand, and she starts pouring tea into our cups, one by one.

"Hey, this isn't bad!" Daren says, as he takes a sip of tea from his cup. "What kind of leaves did you use to make this tea?"


[26] "Yep!" Flower says. "You can ask for more, if you like it. I don't have to worry about expending magical energy here, so i can go all out!"

"Sure!" Melindra says. "But before we continue with the feast, could you give us a quick summary of what's happening on the earthen plane, currently?"

"On the earthen plane?" Flower asks, and then she begins to stare in front of her while moving her hands as if she were controlling invisible strings attached to her body in the real world. "Let's see... The flying metal balls are still not moving, but some of the rebels are starting to wake up. Actually no, it's just one of the rebels. Peter is the only one awake in the real world. Oh, and I can sense him in this world too! He's swimming through the light outside, trying to retrieve his friends. Guys, I think Peter might also be an ethereal!"

"What about the Overseer?" Daren asks, as he eats some cake. "He told us that he had a 'manufactured soul' or something, didn't he? Maybe you can detect his soul out there in the light too."

"Yeah, I... think I can sense him!" Flower says. "He's moving around the ether, so it doesn't look like he's unconscious. He might just be trying to find his own mind so he can get back to it."


[27] "On the earthen plane?" Flower asks, and then she begins to stare in front of her while moving her hands as if she were controlling invisible strings attached to her body in the real world. "Let's see... The flying metal balls are still not moving, but some of the rebels are starting to wake up. Actually no, it's just one of the rebels. Peter is the only one awake in the real world. Oh, and I can sense him in this world too! He's swimming through the light outside, trying to retrieve his friends. Guys, I think Peter might also be an ethereal!"

"What about the Overseer?" Daren asks, as he takes a bite from a cookie. "He told us that he had a 'manufactured soul' or something, didn't he? Maybe you can detect his soul out there in the light too."

"Yeah, I... think I can sense him!" Flower says. "He's moving around the ether, so it doesn't look like he's unconscious. He might just be trying to find his own mind so he can get back to it."


[28] "On the earthen plane?" Flower asks, and then she begins to stare in front of her while moving her hands as if she were controlling invisible strings attached to her body in the real world. "Let's see... The flying metal balls are still not moving, but some of the rebels are starting to wake up. Actually no, it's just one of the rebels. Peter is the only one awake in the real world. Oh, and I can sense him in this world too! He's swimming through the light outside, trying to retrieve his friends. Guys, I think Peter might also be an ethereal!"

"What about the Overseer?" Daren asks, as he is finishing the biscuit from before. "He told us that he had a 'manufactured soul' or something, didn't he? Maybe you can detect his soul out there in the light too."

"Yeah, I... think I can sense him!" Flower says. "He's moving around the ether, so it doesn't look like he's unconscious. He might just be trying to find his own mind so he can get back to it."


[29] "Is Kate still out there too?" I ask Flower. "I was expecting you to bring her back when you teleported here with Daren and Melindra, but I haven't heard a word from her so I'm assuming she's not in the room with us."

"No, Kate was never out in the ether," Flower says. "I can guarantee it. I don't think she was kicked out of her mind like the rest of you."

"The technique that the Overseer used to remove everyone's souls from their minds likely required an active connection between the soul and the body in order to work," Illuna says. "Kate was already unconscious at that time, so the technique was probably ineffective against her."

"I'm glad she's okay," Flower says, "but I was kinda hoping that I'd get to meet her in the ethereal plane. I would have really liked to show her my house."

"Hey, does anyone know what happened to the king of the underground?" Hadrik says. "He was really high up in the sky when the Overseer knocked us out with that technique of his. Could he have died from the fall by any chance?"

"I saw the moment when the king of the underground fell from the sky," Illuna says. "The impact of the fall was cushioned by some sort of shield that he had around himself, made out of hardened aura. From the looks of it, he didn't sustain any serious injuries."

"Of course he would have a trick like that up his sleeve..." Daren says.

sssssssssssssss
[30] "No..." Flower says. "But I'm working on it!"

"Then we won't be using magic on the earthen plane unless it's our last alternative," Illuna says. "We should be focusing instead on fixing the situation for everybody else."

"What if we tried to--" we hear Leila's inner voice, but Daren interrupts her.

"Whoa, who said that?" Daren says, as he is looking around the room.

"It was me," Leila says again, with her mouth closed. "I said that."

"But you're not opening your mouth when you're talking!" Daren says. "Is that-- does this mean I'm hearing your thoughts, like we did with Barry earlier?"

"Exactly," Leila says.

"Leila, is this how you sound inside your head whenever you're thinking to yourself?" Kate asks. 

"Yeah..." Leila says, looking a little embarrassed. "It's just a voice that I made up by listening to other girls around me and playing with different tonalities until I found one that I liked. It's not my 'real' voice or anything."

"There's no reason to be embarassed," Kate says. "I think your voice really fits you!"

"Thank you," Leila says, with a slight smile.


[31] "No..." Flower says. "But I'm working on it!"

"Then we won't be using magic on the earthen plane unless it's our last alternative," Illuna says. "We should be focusing instead on fixing the situation for everybody else."

"What if we tried to--" we hear Leila's inner voice, but Daren interrupts her.

"Whoa, who said that?" Daren says, as he is looking around the room.

"It was me," Leila says again, with her mouth closed. "I said that."

"But you're not opening your mouth when you're talking!" Daren says. "Is that-- does this mean I'm hearing your thoughts, like we did with Barry earlier?"

"Exactly," Leila says.


[32] "Oh yeah!" Leila says, with her lips still not moving as she speaks. "I wanted to ask Flower if there is any way for us to fight the Overseer here on the ethereal plane."

"If you're asking me if it's possible to have battles in the ethereal plane, then the answer is yes, but I wouldn't really recommend it," Flower says.

"Why not?" Hadrik asks.

"You didn't even know how to create a body for yourself on this plane of existence until recently and you're asking why it would be a bad idea for you to get into a fight?" Illuna says. "I think the answer to that question should be self-explanatory."

"Yeah, but the same thing goes for the Overseer as well!" Hadrik says. "I bet he's never been kicked out of his mind before either. That should put us on equal terms!"

"You're forgetting that the Overseer is the one who used the displacement technique that got everyone's souls into the ether in the first place," Illuna says. "He clearly gained a lot of knowledge about the ethereal plane from his temporary merge with the Magium 'fragment', so underestimating his abilities would be very foolish. Even Flower might have trouble facing him in the ether if she's not careful."


[33] "Oh yeah!" Leila says, with her lips still not moving as she speaks. "I wanted to ask Flower if there is any way for us to fight the rebels here on the ethereal plane."

"If you're asking me if it's possible to have battles in the ethereal plane, then the answer is yes, but I wouldn't really recommend it," Flower says.

"Why not?" Hadrik asks.

"You didn't even know how to create a body for yourself on this plane of existence until recently and you're asking why it would be a bad idea for you to get into a fight?" Illuna says. "I think the answer to that question should be self-explanatory."

"Yeah, but the same thing goes for the rebels as well!" Hadrik says. "I bet they've never been kicked out of their own minds before either. That should put us on equal terms!"

"Not entirely equal," Illuna says. "As Flower mentioned before, there's a good chance that Peter is an ethereal too, and we have no way of knowing how good of a fighter he is on this plane of existence. If Flower were to take him on alone in the ether, she might win, but if any of you were to accompany her, it would only make things more difficult for her because you would all be easy targets that she'd need to defend constantly during her duel against Peter."


[34] I follow the direction of the stream of magical particles with my hands, just like the hermit said, even though it looks like my spell could break apart any second. Right before the spell is about to cancel itself, the particles are heading back, as if an invisible force were guiding them to their correct path. As soon as they are back in place, I resume my spell casting, channeling all of my imagined magical energy into a single point, in front of my hands.

A ball of fire suddenly forms at the point where I'm focusing my energy, and then the ball flies away from me, hitting one of the walls from Flower's room and exploding into flames.

"Oh no! My paintings!" Flower shouts, panicked, as she rushes towards the burning wall, while Illuna shoots a stream of water at it to put out the flames.

"Okay, I have to admit that I'm impressed!" Daren says, after he sees me cast my spell. "How did you manage to pull it off?"

"There used to be a time when I was under the illusion that even a normal person could cast magic if they knew every little detail that goes into the process of spell casting by heart," I say. "You have no idea how much time I spent on memorizing every particle position, every hand and body movement required, every last bit of theory that went into creating the spells... These are the types of things that you never forget."


[35] I follow the direction of the stream of magical particles with my hands, just like the hermit said, even though it looks like my spell could break apart any second. Right before the spell is about to cancel itself, the particles are heading back, as if an invisible force were guiding them to their correct path. As soon as they are back in place, I resume my spell casting, channeling all of my imagined magical energy into a single point, in front of my hands.

A gust of wind suddenly shoots out of my palms and straight for the flowers in the vase, blowing them away and making them drop to the floor.

"Oh no! My tulips!" Flower shouts, and then she goes to pick up the tulips from the ground and to put them back in the vase.

"Okay, I have to admit that I'm impressed!" Daren says, after he sees me cast my spell. "How did you manage to pull it off?"

"There used to be a time when I was under the illusion that even a normal person could cast magic if they knew every little detail that goes into the process of spell casting by heart," I say. "You have no idea how much time I spent on memorizing every particle position, every hand and body movement required, every last bit of theory that went into creating the spells... These are the types of things that you never forget."


[36] I follow the direction of the stream of magical particles with my hands, just like the hermit said, even though it looks like my spell could break apart any second. Right before the spell is about to cancel itself, the particles are heading back, as if an invisible force were guiding them to their correct path. As soon as they are back in place, I resume my spell casting, channeling all of my imagined magical energy into a single point, in front of my hands.

A water jet suddenly shoots out of my palms and straight for the vase with tulips, knocking it off the table and making it break into pieces when it hits the ground.

"Oh no! My vase!" Flower shouts, and then she rushes towards the broken vase on the floor, trying to put the pieces back together.

"Okay, I have to admit that I'm impressed!" Daren says, after he sees me cast my spell. "How did you manage to pull it off?"

"There used to be a time when I was under the illusion that even a normal person could cast magic if they knew every little detail that goes into the process of spell casting by heart," I say. "You have no idea how much time I spent on memorizing every particle position, every hand and body movement required, every last bit of theory that went into creating the spells... These are the types of things that you never forget."


[37] "...Arraka actually gave me a similar answer when I asked her why she followed the flow instead of correcting it, long ago when I was still her pupil," Illuna says. "She also said that she was well past the point where she would still consider the possibility that she could make a mistake when casting a spell. I think I'm finally beginning to understand why she has become so determined lately in trying to unlock your magical stats."

She pauses.

"How many other spells do you know by heart?" Illuna asks me. "I am assuming that you only tested a limited number of spells before you concluded that it was impossible for you to cast magic on the earthen plane?"

"Yeah, I learned a few spells from each traditional and non-traditional element, but not much more than that," I say. "Oh, and I should probably also be able to cast the air currents that allow me to fly, because I had to create them myself during that fight with the stillwater skeletons, so I am familiar enough with them. Hopefully they'll work out there in the ether, even though there's no actual, uh... air... on this plane. Anyway, as for the other spells, I do know the theory behind them, but I can't say that I know the flows well enough to be able to cast them without help."


[38] "No, no," I say. "There's no need to show me. I believe you! I was only hoping that you could maybe teach me something that requires... a little less movement?"

"Oh, right, right, of course!" Flower says. "I'm sorry, it's just that I'm trying to figure out how to explain this to you in a way that doesn't sound too much like an elementalist."

"What do you mean?" I ask.

"Well, for example when I was teaching Kate yesterday how to better control her freezing beam," Flower says, "I could just tell her to put less intensity into the middle of the beam and to spread the energy more to the sides, and she would instinctively know how to do that. It's hard to think of a way to explain it to you when you've never actually experienced it yourself, and only read about it from books..."

"Oh, I get what you're saying now," I say. "I did sort of experience what it's like to be an elementalist when I had my magical stats temporarily unlocked during my fights with Tyrath and the stillwater skeletons, but now that the instinctive magical knowledge I was getting from the device is gone, I can't really make heads or tails of it. If I remember correctly, it was less about visualizing the flow of magic in my head and more about being in tune with some sort of energy from inside me that I could mold into whatever shape I wanted, with an infinite number of possibilities."


[39] "It is refreshing to see that your expectations are realistic, for once, but this is not the answer I was looking for, I'm afraid," Illuna says.

"Why not?" I say.

"You of all people should know that a spell categorized as easy in a manual is not necessarily also easy to learn in practice," Illuna says. "Even if the spell has very few steps to learn, you may still find yourself getting those steps wrong half of the time until you've successfully mastered it. Do you understand what I mean now?"

"Yeah, I think I get what you're trying to say," I answer her. "It's much better to have a few spells that I can count on at all times than to have many spells that are unreliable, especially during a mage battle where a simple mistake could cost me my life. Do you happen to have a list of spells that would fit this description?"

"I believe I do," Illuna says. "If we start training immediately, you might actually have the chance to become proficient in a good number of them, depending on your performance. Let's get to it."

For about forty minutes or so, Illuna helps me learn the majority of the spells on her list. I can clearly see that she has studied the theory behind these spells from the way she's teaching them to me, and thanks to her clear and concise explanations, I manage to learn a lot more than I would have hoped in such a brief period of time. I guess I made a good call when I chose her as the teacher.


[40] "Hmm..." Melindra says, after she sees me fail a spell that she just explained to me. "Give me a second. I'm trying to figure out how to explain this in a way that makes sense for someone who is used to learning magic from books and not through trial and error."

"I mean, I'm fine with trial and error too, as long as it doesn't take too long," I say. "How do you usually learn new spells?"

"Well," Melindra says, "I'm not sure how magic works on this plane of existence, since I can't seem to get it to work myself, but what I normally do is that I try to, uh... resonate with the correct frequency of the magical energy that builds up inside me while casting the spell. Does that make sense to you?"

"I think it does, yeah..." I say. "That's how you cast spells as an elementalist, right? I remember doing something similar when I had my magic stats unlocked during my fights with Tyrath and the stillwater skeletons. The problem is that I don't really feel any energy inside me while I'm casting spells in this realm, so I can't make use of this information. Isn't there anything you could tell me about the direction of the flow? For example... what direction do you instinctively look at when you start casting the spell? What about afterwards? I'm pretty sure that the way you move your eyes as an elementalist should be the most indicative of the direction that the flow of magic is supposed to take."


[41] I spend the next few minutes showing Kate the ice spells that I already know how to cast, while she gives me some tips on how to improve my stance and my movements so that I can make the spells more effective. When we're done with the ones that I know, she begins teaching me some new spells, which I immediately recognize as being from one of the intermediate magic manuals that I've read in the past. Her explanations are all clear and to the point, which makes the process of learning a lot faster than I was expecting. I guess I made a good call when I chose her as the teacher.

"So, how does it feel?" Kate says, as she watches me practicing the movements required to shoot an ice beam.

"How does what feel?" I ask her.

"Having achieved your lifelong dream in a different plane of existence," Kate says.

I pause from my magic practice for a brief time, to ponder over Kate's words.


[42] "No, unfortunately I will need to stay here," Illuna says. "If we both leave your mind, there will be nobody left to control your earthen plane body. You and Barry will have to go out there alone, I'm afraid."

"Can't we wait just another minute?" Daren says. "I feel like I've almost got this ethereal spell casting thing figured out. For real this time! And once I do, I'll be able to come with you and help with the healing, at least!"

"You've been saying that you need 'just another minute' for the past fifteen minutes," Illuna tells him. "Somehow I doubt that this time is going to be any different. Either way, on the off-chance that you do manage to figure it out, Flower and I are telepathically linked due to our soul fusion, so I can contact her no matter where she is on the ethereal plane and she will come back to teleport you to the battlefield."

"You two are telepathically linked?" Leila asks, surprised. "Does this mean that you are hearing each other's thoughts all the time?"

"I'm not hearing her thoughts any more than I'm hearing yours while we are in the same room," Illuna says. "As long as we are both careful to not use words when we're thinking, we can keep our thoughts to ourselves."


[43] "How big of a delay are we talking about, here?" I say.

"I don't know... one or two seconds?" Melindra says. "Maybe more? It depends on my reaction time and a few other things. Like for example if you are in my field of view or not. Or if I'm being attacked and can't pay attention to you."

"And if you get attacked while I'm in the air, what happens then?" I say. "Will I be stuck in the middle of the sky, unable to move?"

