
[1] 

[2] "Herman will be teleporting with the next batch of people, which should be here soon," the king of the underground says. "I told Breynan to wait a few minutes after each teleportation, in order to avoid overheating the device. The last thing we'd want right now is to cause a malfunction in our teleporting device and leave ourselves stranded here, especially after our main technician has been imprisoned for treason."

"Will Breynan not be joining us, my lord?" asks one of the mages that teleported to the surface together with us.

"No," the king of the underground says. "I've asked Breynan to remain underground, because if he were to come with us as well, there would be nobody left to lead our people in case anything went wrong with our mission. I know that you are a member of his usual team and are not used to going on surface expeditions without his guidance, but you are one of our most competent fighters, so we really needed to have you with us today. I trust that you will handle yourself well even without your mentor, and that you will make him proud of your achievements."

"Yes, sir," the mage says. "I will!"


[3] "Are you alright, Jack?" Albert says to the young mage who asked about Breynan earlier, while putting a hand on his shoulder.

"Uhm, y-- yes sir!" Jack says.

"Look," Albert says, "I know I'm not Breynan, but if you need help out there on the battlefield you can count on me, okay?"

"O-- of course!" Jack says. "I promise I won't let you down, sir!"

"Good luck!" Albert says, and then he walks past him to join the king of the underground.

Instead of following him, Jack takes out a pendant from his pocket, he looks at it for a few seconds and then he clutches it firmly with both his hands while closing his eyes.


[4] "Yes," I say. "I'm not sure if you heard my conversation with Rose on the transceiver before we teleported, but she said that we shouldn't count on her help this time around because she overdid her time power training yesterday and she woke up really tired this morning."

"It's fine," Daren says. "She already helped us enough as it is. This is our battle to win, not hers."

"I can't help but notice that Kelrim was not teleported to the surface with us," Kate says. "Didn't he say yesterday that he wanted to join us in this last battle to liberate Ollendor?"


[5] "Yes," Kate says. "I can't help but notice that Kelrim was not teleported to the surface with us. Didn't he say yesterday that he wanted to join us in this last battle to liberate Ollendor?"


[6] "You would still retain partial control over the currents," Melindra says, "but they would be less responsive, and you might have to repeat the same movements a few times until they work. I can still cast the usual version of the spell on you if you want, which would give you full control, but that would make it about as unreliable as piloting a gnomish flying contraption in the middle of a hurricane. I'm not sure if you get what I mean."

"Hey, I've piloted a plane in a storm before," I say. "It's not that bad! I mean, I nearly died like ten times during the same flight, but I did land safely in the end."

"Well, you can choose whatever type of air currents you want," Melindra says. "Just remember that I can no longer switch the type of currents once you're in the air, so you should take the decision before we go outside."


[7] Just like Daren said, it didn't take long until one of the underground troops came to the door to announce that the king was expecting us. We all headed outside together and then we followed the king of the underground's envoy for about twenty seconds through the raging storm, until we reached the place where all of the underground forces were stationed. There were about a hundred men here, give or take, and judging by their auras, only about ten or so were mages. Of course, I couldn't be completely sure of that, since the king of the underground and Peter are always suppressing the magic from their auras, so there could be others doing the same thing.

Some of the mages were still casting protection spells on the area when we arrived, while the warriors were just standing with their crossbows, swords and shields at the ready, looking anxiously at the drones in the sky that were minding their own business, simply ignoring the armed fighters that were waiting in the middle of an open plaza, during a city-wide quarantine.

"Make way, please," the king of the underground says to his men, when he sees us approaching him. "I wish to speak to them."


[8] As we begin to hear an uneasy murmur coming from the men gathered around us, the king of the underground lightly slaps his own forehead with his right palm.

"And what did I tell you to do if something like this were to occur, Gregory?" the king says, to the man from the transceiver.

"Uh... you told me... to wait until you call me, because you wanted to first hear what the outsiders had to say in their defense," Gregory says. "I'm sorry, my lord. I... got ahead of myself. But this proves their guilt, surely! There should be no need to listen to what they have to say any longer."

"That is for me to decide, Gregory, not you," the king of the underground says. "This will be all for now. Please return to your post. I will be closing this channel."

He then taps the transceiver in order to interrupt his conversation with Gregory, like he said.

"Well?..." the king asks us, after he sees us just standing there in silence for a few seconds. "Is there anything you want to say to us?"


[9] He then does a few dashes through the air, and he appears to lose control for about a second due to the strong wind, before quickly regaining his balance.

"The controls are a little crude, but I can make a few adjustments with my aura manipulation, so it's not that big of a problem," the king says. "Now, then... where are the drones?"

As the king of the underground flies higher into the sky, it is getting harder to see him because of the heavy rain, but it does not take long for the Overseer's drones to take the bait and to light up the whole area around the king with their bright red eyes.

The king of the underground does not engage them, and he instead makes a semi-transparent spherical barrier around himself, made up of hardened aura, which is protecting him both from the drones' magical attacks and from the downpour of rain. More and more drones are now flocking around the king's barrier, trying to break it with elemental attacks of all types.

The king of the underground keeps baiting the drones for another minute or so, until about a hundred or more of them are surrounding him, and just as we are about to lose sight of him due to the high number of metal balls swarming him from all directions, the king unleashes a shockwave so powerful that it makes all of the drones around him explode at once.


[10] "Wow, Barry, you managed to conjure some hands for yourself," Flower says, once she reaches me. "That's so cool!"

"Forget my hands!" I say. "What happened to your eyes? And your whole aura feels like it's burning up. Are you okay?"

"Oh you don't need to worry about that!" Flower says. "That's just how I am, now."

She then snaps her fingers, and her whole body suddenly becomes covered in flames, even though upon closer inspection, the fire seems to be floating about one inch above her skin rather than burning her outright.

"See?" Flower says, and then she casually turns off the flames, as if it were the most normal thing in the world.

"Uhm... okay," I tell her. "If you say so. Wait, how come you have your whole body and I don't? What am I doing wrong?"

"I don't know," Flower says. "I've been living here since I was born, so there was never a time when I didn't have a body in the ethereal plane. If you want to conjure a body for yourself, maybe you just need to... think harder or something? It's easy to create stuff out of nothing in this place. Look!"


[11] "I knew it!" I hear Leila's thoughts, as her mouth remains closed. "Even when we were almost being erased from existence he was doing the same thing! He almost didn't grab my hand because he was worried that I might have been an illusion, trying to trick him."

Hadrik laughs.

"Well, that's Barry for you," he says. "He always finds a way to turn even the most trivial of situations into a life-threatening adventure! But I have to say, it's still hard to accustom myself to hearing Leila's voice instead of seeing her write text in front of me. Barry, you already heard her voice before, right?"

"Yeah, I heard it the last time when we went to the ethereal plane and-- hold on a minute, why am I the only one here with a pair of floating hands? How did you guys get your bodies back so fast?"

"I'm the one who taught them how to do it," I hear an unfamiliar female voice coming from my left side.

When I turn around, I see a woman that looks as if she were in her late twenties, with blue eyes, blue hair and pointy ears, wearing a blue dress, and who is of about my height. Even though her appearance is a lot different from what I'm used to, the serious look in her eyes and her constant frown is almost unmistakable.


[12] "Yes," Illuna says. "In this place, you can do anything with your mind, as long as your thoughts are powerful enough. For something as simple as gaining back your body, all you need is to be convinced that you can do it, and you will be successful. That is why I gave you these simple tasks to accomplish. You already knew that I had helped Leila and Hadrik recover their bodies, so you were convinced that as long as you'd follow my instructions to the letter, the same would apply to you. If I were to have instead told you something vague like how you'd need to 'erase any doubts in your head and be completely confident in your own abilities', you probably would have tried to think about it logically, and you would have begun to doubt yourself, because there would be no way for you to accurately measure your level of confidence."

"You said that it's easier to obtain my body than it is to do other stuff," I say. "What about making things appear out of nothing? I saw Flower do it outside. She just made a palm tree and a cart show up, out of nowhere."

"Flower has been living here a long time, so naturally she is more accustomed to the ways of this place," Illuna says. "Aside from her advantage of being an ethereal, I think there's also the fact that on the ethereal plane you benefit from having stronger emotions rather than from analyzing every little detail, and Flower typically has strong emotions about anything. This is the only place in the world where her illogical way of thinking actually gives her the upper hand, instead of being one of her weak points."


[13] "Hmm..." I say. "But Flower said that they should all be in a daze, right? How will we find them if we can't see their bodies and if they won't be clear-headed enough to answer our calls?"

"Ask Flower," Illuna says. "She's the one who found you, Hadrik and Leila, not me."

"Oh!" Flower says, when she sees us all looking at her. "Well, you see... When I realized what happened, I got this sudden, urgent feeling that I had to do something or everyone would die, and then, uh... and then..."

She pauses for a while to think, looking as if she were having a hard time trying to describe what happened to her.

"And then her eyes became bright red and the whole aura around her body was set aflame," Illuna says. "Next thing you know, she could easily locate your whereabouts from anywhere on the ethereal plane, and she could traverse long distances almost instantaneously. I'm still not entirely certain how that happened, but based on the little amount of information I have at my disposal, I'm going to assume that it was something akin to a next stage of evolution that is specific to ethereals, or something along those lines."


[14] "No, this is not a real house," Illuna says, looking slightly irritated. "We've already talked about this. She made it look like a house, but in reality, this is the inside of her mind. She has complete control over this place and she can turn it into anything she wants."

"But how does--" Hadrik starts to say, but then he interrupts himself. "Ugh... Never mind. Look, I'm gonna be honest with you, here. Ever since I came to Flower's house, I've been trying really hard to not think of anything so that you guys wouldn't hear my thoughts, but the problem is that when I'm so focused on not thinking out loud by accident, I can barely follow anything of what you're saying! How are you guys making conversation so casually without jumbling your spoken words with your inner thoughts? I don't get it!"

"Well, uh..." I say, as Leila and I exchange a look. "Illuna's been here for a long time, so it must come naturally to her by now. As for me and Leila, I think it's because we've already been to the ethereal plane once before, and we kind of got the general idea of how this 'thinking out loud' stuff works."

"Ah, so you two are already experts in the field, then!" Hadrik says. "As an expert, you wouldn't happen to have some advice for a beginner like myself, would you, Barry?"


[15] She then opens the box and takes a pill in her hand, which she tries to hand over to Daren. As she gives it to him, the pill simply falls on the ground, while we're all just looking at Flower in complete silence.

"Oh no!" Flower says. "I forgot that you don't have a body. Wait, I'll just turn it into light essence so that I can feed it to you properly!"

"Okay?..." Daren says, in an unconvinced tone.

Flower does a few motions with her hands and the pill on the ground turns into a stream of liquid light that begins to spin in circles around the area where Daren's voice was coming from. She then stretches her arms in front of her with her palms open, and the light slowly fades away.

"Does that feel better, now?" Flower asks.

"It feels..." Daren says. "It feels... MUCH better now, thank you! My nausea is practically completely gone! How did you do it?"

"Oh, it's because the light thingy around your... um... around your spinning essence is not aligned with your uh--"

"Your soul wasn't correctly linked to your body from the earthen plane," Illuna says. "We've met a lost soul several years ago in the ether who had a similar problem, which is why Flower had that medicine ready in her drawer in case it happened again."


[16] "So, you cheated," Illuna says.

"Well, what was I supposed to do?" Flower asks, exasperated, as she is now getting cups of tea from a cupboard and then small plates for each of us. "I couldn't keep everyone waiting for so long. That would be rude!"

"But it's not rude when you're making me wait, is that it?" Illuna says.

"It's not the same thing!" Flower says, while she is putting the cups on the table. "You and I are living together. They are our guests. It's normal that they get special treatment. And besides, we've been using the same oven almost every day for the past twenty years! You're already used to it!"


[17] "I'm not sure..." Flower says. "I just imagined the taste that I wanted the tea to have and then I conjured the leaves. I don't think they actually exist in the real world."

"The cookies are based on a recipe that you were using on the earthen plane, correct?" Melindra says, after she takes one bite. "I remember you creating some very similar cookies using the food creation spell of the golden fox."

"They are similar, but not exactly the same," Flower says. "The food creation spell is amazing, but it's still very limiting compared to what I can do here in my mind. In here, I can replicate any taste from the real world, and I can also create tastes that don't exist, using only my imagination! I have so much more freedom in this place. It's great!"


[18] "Is Kate still out there too?" I ask Flower. "I was expecting you to bring her back when you teleported here with Daren and Melindra, but I haven't heard a word from her so I'm assuming she's not in the room with us."

"No, Kate was never out in the ether," Flower says. "I can guarantee it. I don't think she was kicked out of her mind like the rest of you."

"The technique that the Overseer used to remove everyone's souls from their minds likely required an active connection between the soul and the body in order to work," Illuna says. "Kate was already unconscious at that time, so the technique was probably ineffective against her."

"I'm glad she's okay," Flower says, "but I was kinda hoping that I'd get to meet her in the ethereal plane. I would have really liked to show her my house."

"Hey, does anyone know what happened to the king of the underground?" Hadrik says. "He was really high up in the sky when the Overseer knocked us out with that technique of his. Could he have died from the fall by any chance?"

"I saw the moment when the king of the underground fell from the sky," Illuna says. "The impact of the fall was cushioned by some sort of shield that he had around himself, made out of hardened aura. From the looks of it, he didn't sustain any serious injuries."

"Of course he would have a trick like that up his sleeve..." Daren says.


[19] "Hey, does anyone know what happened to the king of the underground?" Hadrik says. "He was really high up in the sky when the Overseer knocked us out with that technique of his. Could he have died from the fall by any chance?"

"I saw the moment when the king of the underground fell from the sky," Illuna says. "The impact of the fall was cushioned by some sort of shield that he had around himself, made out of hardened aura. From the looks of it, he didn't sustain any serious injuries."

"Of course he would have a trick like that up his sleeve..." Daren says.


[20] "Ah crap," we suddenly hear Daren say in a really loud voice, although his lips are not moving. "I just realized something. If I can hear Barry and Leila's thoughts, does this mean everyone in the room can hear mine too? Can they hear me even now, as I'm thinking all this?"

"Yes, Daren we can all hear you," Illuna says. "Also, you might want to turn the volume down a notch. You sound like you're shouting when you're thinking out loud."

"Oh, sorry about that!" Daren says.

He then starts thinking to himself again, in the same shouting voice as before.

"Great," Daren thinks. "Now I'll have to pay attention to my thoughts all the time so that I don't accidentally talk over people. This is going to be such a pain."

When he sees us trying hard to contain our laughter while looking at him, Daren addresses us again, this time with his normal talking voice.

"I was thinking out loud again, wasn't I?" Daren says.

"Uh-huh," I tell him. "And you were shouting again too, in case you were wondering."

"Well, that's just... fantastic," Daren says. "What am I supposed to do now?"


[21] "How would Flower fight in the ether, exactly?" Daren says. "Would she be using fire magic, like in the real world?"

"This is a realm of thoughts and ideas, so there is no 'magic' in the literal sense of the word," Illuna says, "but the concepts that lay at the foundation of magic are all present in this place, so you can use techniques that are very similar to magic once you get enough practice." 

"I'm sorry," I say to Illuna,"but did you just imply that the only thing you need to cast magic in this place is to be familiarized with the magical theory that lies at the foundation of the spells?..."

"You're making it sound a lot easier than it actually is," Illuna says. "For someone like Flower or me, these things come naturally, because she's an ethereal and I am a magical spirit. For someone like you, who is neither used to the ethereal plane nor to casting magic in general, it would be necessary to be familiar with the movement of every individual magical particle making up the flow of a spell, and to control both their direction and intensity flawlessly. That is of course, on top of already knowing the theory behind the spell."

"So, if I know all that stuff, I should be able to cast the spell?" I say.

"In theory, yes," Illuna says. "But I don't see how you could be able to--"

"Great!" I say. "I'll try to cast one right now, then. Give me a second!"


[22] "That's what I thought," Illuna says. "Our time is limited, so I suggest that you focus on only one element if you want to actually become semi-competent in a fight. You can learn water magic from me, fire magic from Flower or air magic from Melindra. Which element would you prefer?"


[23] "That's what I thought," Illuna says. "Our time is limited, so I suggest that you focus on only one element if you want to actually become semi-competent in a fight. You can learn water magic from me, fire magic from Flower, air magic from Melindra or ice magic from Kate. Which element would you prefer?"


[24] "Yeah, something like that!" Flower says. "The main advantage of being an elementalist is that you can just create spells from your element on a whim, without following any rules! The problem is that I can't really teach you any of those spells, because most of them are improvised, and I wouldn't even know how to begin explaining them to you."

"But there was this one spell that you thought you invented and it turned out that somebody else actually invented it before you, remember?" I say. "We talked about it when we were disarming traps in the tunnels beneath Ollendor. Maybe you also have some other spells like that in your repertoire and you just don't know it yet. Let me give you a quick summary of all the fire spells I know from books, and you'll tell me if any of these sound familiar to you, alright?"

"Okay!" Flower says. "Let's give it a shot!"

For about forty minutes or so, I exchange information with Flower about the fire spells I know, and whenever we find one that she recognizes, I ask her to give me as many details as she can, until I can figure out what types of flows and patterns best fit her description. Fortunately, since I already know so many spells, it is easier for me to observe repetitive patterns between them, so I can mostly guess the directions and movements of the magical particles even if the information is incomplete.


[25] "Let me try it now," Melindra says, as she gets into a stance, closes her eyes and then tries to visualize the non-existent magical energy from this plane of existence. "It starts with the upper left, then it goes all the way down, then it slowly goes back up heading towards the right until--"

"Perfect!" I say. "That's all I needed to know."

"Really?" Melindra asks. "That's it?"

"Yeah," I say. "I've studied many thousands of spells, so I can usually detect a pattern pretty quickly if I've seen it a few times before. As luck would have it, this is one of the more common patterns when it comes to magic flows, so I'm pretty confident that I know where it goes from here. I'll give it a try, and you can correct my movements if I'm too far off-course. Here we go!"

After I manage to cast the spell that Melindra was trying to teach me, we use the same learning method for the next few spells, and it works flawlessly. As I am focusing on learning as many spells as possible in the limited time we have at our disposal, forty minutes pass us by without me even noticing.


[26] "It feels... good," I tell her, after a while. "This may not be the first time when I've had the opportunity to cast magic, but it's the first time when I feel like I've actually earned it. At long last, I can say that my long years of relentless study have not been wasted. Even if I'm essentially just using my imagination in a realm governed by our minds, I can't help but feel that this may be one of the most important steps I've taken towards my goal of becoming a mage. For now, let's just say that I'm planning to enjoy these moments for as long as I can!"

"I'm glad," Kate says, with a slight smile. "Now get back to work. Your movements are lacking and your stance is deplorable. You need to work a lot more on your form before you can conjure anything close to the ice beams that you've seen from me."

"Yes, ma'am!" I say, and then I begin my practice again.

Once I manage to shoot a beam of ice of acceptable proportions, Kate continues to teach me a few more of her spells, and as I am focusing on the task at hand, forty minutes pass us by without me even noticing.


[27] "Oh, right," Leila says. "I suppose that makes sense."

"So... are you ready, Barry?" Flower says, as I am now casting my air currents on myself, so that I'll be able to fly through the ether at a moment's notice. "Where do you think we should teleport first? We could go and fight Peter directly, or we could try to meet up with the Overseer first and team up with him. I don't know how well the Overseer can handle himself in the ethereal plane, so he might get in our way more than helping us, but I still think it might be worth a shot to go talk to him."


[28] "Oh, right," Leila says. "I suppose that makes sense."

"So... are you ready, Barry?" Flower says, as I am now casting my air currents on myself, so that I'll be able to fly through the ether at a moment's notice.  "Where do you think we should teleport first? We could go and fight the Overseer directly, or we could try to meet up with Peter first and team up with him. I don't know how well Peter can handle himself in the ethereal plane, so he might get in our way more than helping us, but I still think it might be worth a shot to go talk to him."


[29] "Yes," I say. "I'm not sure if you heard my conversation with Rose on the transceiver before we teleported, but she said that we shouldn't count on her help this time around because she overdid her time power training yesterday and she woke up really tired this morning."

"It's fine," Daren says. "She already helped us enough as it is. This is our battle to win, not hers."


[30] "I think we've already discussed all that needed to be discussed," Kate says, after we all look at each other for a few seconds. "There isn't much point in making any last minute adjustments to a plan that we've all agreed upon since yesterday."

