
[1] 

[2] Seeing that we couldn't free ourselves from the paralysis spell, we decided to shift our focus towards engineering a plan to have the ogres open the door and cancel the spell for us. Unfortunately, despite their renowned stupidity, the ogres were under strict orders to not let us go under any circumstances, and they were much too afraid of their captain to risk going against his wishes.

Rose hasn't spoken a single word since we got imprisoned. Illuna's betrayal must have really affected her. The rest of us aren't exactly in the best of moods either, but we are far from having given up. Since the ogres are afraid of letting us die of starvation because of our collars, we are expecting them to come bring us food, sooner or later. 

At the moment they open the door, Daren and Hadrik will use their muscle jolt techniques and make a run for it, in the short time they have at their disposal before they get paralyzed again. They will then find the control panel that cancels the paralysis spell, and we'll all be free to roam their stronghold at our leisure. It's not a perfect plan, but it's better than to just roll over and accept our fates.
  
"That accursed banshee!" Daren says. "I knew from the beginning that she was plotting something. We were so heavily underequipped for this mission that I had no choice but to accept Flower's help when she offered it, but now I'm starting to regret that I didn't listen to my instincts instead."


[3] "Halt!" he says. "You are not permitted to go any further. Turn back now or--"

The ogre stops mid sentence, and the next thing we hear is a loud thump outside of our door. 

"Hah!" I hear Arraka's voice through the stone walls of our cell. "That ogre must have been so focused on forming a coherent sentence that he didn't even notice his head being cut off."

"Do you ever shut up?" Illuna asks her.

"Hey, you let me out of this amulet, and I promise you won't hear a word from me ever again!" Arraka says, as she starts laughing.

A few moments later, I can feel the paralysis slowly starting to wear off, as I start to regain control of my limbs. Shortly afterwards, our cell's door creaks open, and we see Illuna standing in front of us, with her usual displeased expression on her face.

"Well, what are you waiting for?" she says. "Get up! That chalice isn't going to steal itself."


[4] "I'm sorry to burst your bubble, Kate, but this all sounds like wishful thinking to me," Hadrik says. "You don't really think that the banshee is just going to show up here to open our cell, cancel the paralysis spell and tell us that everything was her plan all along, do you?"

Almost immediately after the dwarf finishes his question, we hear one of the ogre guards from outside our cell shouting loudly.

"Halt!" he says. "You are not permitted to go any further. Turn back now or--"

The ogre stops mid sentence, and the next thing we hear is a loud thump outside of our door. 

"Hah!" I hear Arraka's voice through the stone walls of our cell. "That ogre must have been so focused on forming a coherent sentence that he didn't even notice his head being cut off."

"Do you ever shut up?" Illuna asks her.

"Hey, you let me out of this amulet, and I promise you won't hear a word from me ever again!" Arraka says, as she starts laughing.

A few moments later, I can feel the paralysis slowly starting to wear off, as I start to regain control of my limbs. Shortly afterwards, our cell's door creaks open, and we see Illuna standing in front of us, with her usual displeased expression on her face.

"Well, what are you waiting for?" she says. "Get up! That chalice isn't going to steal itself."


[5] "Oh, I'll come with you, don't worry," Daren says. "But as soon as I get my sword back, you are in for a world of hurt."

"I see," Illuna says, as she gestures with her hand, and all of our weapons come floating inside of the cell. "I'm not going to lie. That would be a bit problematic for me."

She then gestures with her right hand towards us, and my dagger and crossbow get thrown in my lap, while at the same time, Kate's dagger gets thrown into her right hand. The banshee then grabs Daren's sword, and she eyes him intently. Daren tries to get up, but the effect of the paralysis still hasn't completely worn off, so he staggers on his feet. After looking at him for a few seconds, Illuna decides to throw his sword to me instead.

"Here, you take it," the banshee tells me. "You seem to have a decent head on your shoulders and you know him better than I do. I'll let you decide whether to give him the sword or not, given the circumstances."

"Barry..." Daren says, as he gets up and starts walking towards me. "Give me the sword."

He's got that look in his eyes again. I know that look. He isn't thinking straight. He's going to attack Illuna as soon as I give him his weapon back, isn't he? Just what am I supposed to do here, exactly?


[6] Illuna conjures a water whip out of nowhere, which she grabs with her left hand, and then she swings it towards Daren's wrist. The water solidifies as it reaches him, and the impact of the hit makes him unclench his fist and sends the sword flying out of his hand. The banshee then immediately makes another whip with her right hand, which quickly coils itself around Daren's waist, as it turns itself solid as well. Before Daren has the time to figure out what happened, Illuna pulls on the whip and she flings him with full force into a wall. When he tries to get back up, the banshee creates a water spear out of thin air and she points it at his neck. Despite it being made of water, the spear's tip looks sharper than regular steel. It must be the result of a technique similar to Kate's ice reinforcement.

"I don't understand..." Daren says. "How did you manage to throw me like that? It makes no sense!"


[7] "The great healer in armor losing to a banshee?" Hadrik asks, with a grin, as Daren gets up from the floor and goes to grab his sword. "Aren't banshees supposed to be your specialty?"

"I wasn't fighting at my full strength," Daren says. "I would have won if I had my shield."

"Yes," Illuna says, as she gestures with her right hand, and a stone dislodges itself from a nearby wall. "If you had your shield."

Daren's shield then comes floating out of the hole in the wall, and into Daren's hand.

"You knew where my shield was all along?" Daren asks.

"Of course," the banshee says. "It was stashed in the same place as all the other weapons. I hid it before unlocking your cell to make sure I had the upper hand, in case you decided to challenge me again, like you did last night."

"You cheated!" Daren says.

"I did what I had to do to end this conflict as soon as possible," Illuna says, frowning. "Time is of the essence here. Any minute we waste fighting each other is a minute that would be better spent making our way towards the chalice. Now, if we're all done here, I suggest we get going."


[8] "I told you to be quiet," Illuna says.

"Hey, if you want to shut me up, you can just close the amulet like you always do," Arraka says. "Oh wait! If you do that, you'll lose your precious map that we spent all of those hours in the library to put together. I guess you'll just have to put up with me for a while longer, then. Aha- AHAHAHAHAHA!"

I hadn't really paid much attention to the semi-transparent magical hologram floating in front of Illuna until Arraka mentioned it, but now I realize that it is in fact a miniature version of the ogre stronghold. Not only that, but there are also colored dots inside it that are continuously moving. I can only assume that the moving dots represent the ogre patrols from the stronghold, and that the six dots standing in place on the upper level of the left wall must represent our own group.

"That's amazing!" Kate says. "This entire detailed hologram is being maintained by Arraka?"

"Yes," Illuna says. "We've spent a few hours in the library, documenting the stronghold's layout, in order to recreate it as accurately as possible. Arraka's magical sense is powerful enough that she can easily detect all living creatures in our area, even if their auras are being masked by that pesky shaman spell that also grants invisibility, so she can just display them as dots on the map, for all of us to see. With this much information in our hands, the ogres could not surprise us, so we've encountered no resistance while we cleaned out this entire floor and hid the bodies."


[9] "Wait, you used to be Illuna's guardian?" Hadrik asks.

"No, I used to be her mentor," Arraka says. "I was the one being that she looked up to the most. I remember the three of them once saying that they wanted to be like me when they grew up! That was before they knew who I really was, of course. I spent years of my life teaching them everything I knew. I taught them how to defend themselves from banshee hunters and white mages. I taught them how to tell when their bodies were starting to reject them, so that they could start looking for new hosts in good time. In other words, I taught them how to survive."

"That was awfully nice of you..." Kate says, with a frigid tone in her voice.

"I know, right?" Arraka says. "It was all a sham, of course! To tell you the truth, I was starting to get a little bored with the small amount of suffering I could bring to the world while trapped in weak animal bodies. So this time I decided to try something a little different! I spent years of my life, making myself into this sort of motherly figure for the three young banshees, all in order to make it more painful for them when I inevitably betrayed them. But as time passed, my original perspective began to change. As I got to know the three banshees better, I started to grow fond of Illuna. She was my star pupil after all, and she reminded me a bit of myself when I was her age. So instead of simply having her killed along with the others, I decided to instead shape her in my own image."


[10] "Wait, you used to be Illuna's guardian?" Hadrik asks.

"No, I used to be her mentor," Arraka says. "I was the one being that she looked up to the most. I remember the three of them once saying that they wanted to be like me when they grew up! That was before they knew who I really was, of course. I spent years of my life teaching them everything I knew. I taught them how to defend themselves from banshee hunters and white mages. I taught them how to tell when their bodies were starting to reject them, so that they could start looking for new hosts in good time. In other words, I taught them how to survive."

"That was awfully nice of you..." Kate says, with a frigid tone in her voice.

"I know, right?" Arraka says. "It was all a sham, of course! To tell you the truth, I was starting to get a little bored with the small amount of suffering I could bring to the world while trapped in weak animal bodies. So this time I decided to try something a little different! I spent years of my life, making myself into this sort of motherly figure for the three young banshees, all in order to make it more painful for them when I inevitably betrayed them. But as time passed, my original perspective began to change. As I got to know the three banshees better, I started to grow fond of Illuna. She was my star pupil after all, and she reminded me a bit of myself when I was her age. So instead of simply having her killed along with the others, I decided to instead shape her in my own image."


[11] As Arraka speaks, I can feel Illuna's aura starting to fluctuate violently. This is the first time I've ever seen her exhibit such strong emotions about something. Usually, the flow of her aura is almost indiscernible from that of the air around her.

"She kept shouting at the animals to let her pass," Arraka says. "She kept telling them to get out of her way, but they wouldn't listen. So, in a fit of rage, Illuna exterminated every single one of those guardians, leaving no survivors, and then she hurried over to her friends' side, grabbing their lifeless bodies and shaking them desperately, as if she were expecting them to suddenly come back to life. 'Please!' she said. 'Don't leave me,' she said. 'I don't-- I don't want to be alone--' AHA- AHAHAHAHAHAHA--"

Illuna closed the amulet and gripped it firmly in her fist. I could see her hand shaking as she held onto the amulet, and I think I could almost hear a small crack coming from it. Just as Arraka warned her, the hologram of the fort disappeared almost as soon as she closed the locket. 

"Bring it back," Illuna says, curtly, as she opens the amulet again.

"Hmm?" Arraka says. "Bring what back? Oh, you mean the hologram? The hologram's gone. Didn't you see it go poof? I'll need hours to recreate it again. You should have listened to me when you had the chance, but nooooo, you just had to be your old stubborn self again and-- "

"I said bring it back!" Illuna shouts at her.


[12] It took us less than half an hour to reach the treasure room, situated at the lowest level of the stronghold's main building. There were only two guards at the entrance, who were easily dealt with. However, even if we made sure to hide all of the bodies on our way here, it's likely only a matter of time before an ogre patrol realizes something is wrong and raises the alarm. We're going to need to move fast and get out of here before that happens.

Upon entering the ogres' treasury, I could see that it was filled with mountains upon mountains of gold, as well as dozens of coffers which had all manner of jewels and fineries inside of them. If only I had my enchanted backpack with me now, I would have filled it to the brim with treasure. Still, there's plenty of room in my pockets for me to stash a few of these small expensive gems. The diamonds in particular should fetch me a hefty sum in any respectable market. After all, when will I ever get another chance like this?


[13] "The way they placed the chalice on top of a pedestal like that just screams 'trap' to me," Daren says. "Was there any documentation regarding the traps they're using to defend this room?"

"Unfortunately, no," Illuna says. "And I'm not sensing any magic around it either. If there are any traps, they're going to be similar in nature to those from the ruins."

"Can we even be sure that we've got the right chalice?" Hadrik says. "I mean, it looks like it, but they could have easily made a fake one and placed it in plain sight to throw us off course."

"There's an easy way to test its authenticity," Illuna says, and she uses her water magic to fill the chalice with water. 

After a few seconds, the water inside it starts to radiate magic, and then it begins to shine brightly as if there was a small sun floating right above it. 

"That settles it," Illuna says. "This is the chalice we are looking for."

She then grabs it off the pedestal and empties it of water, as we all look around us, to see if any traps get activated. 


[14] "Unfortunately, no," Illuna says. "And I'm not sensing any magic around it either. If there are any traps, they're going to be similar in nature to those from the ruins."

"Can we even be sure that we've got the right chalice?" Hadrik says. "I mean, it looks like it, but they could have easily made a fake one and placed it in plain sight to throw us off course."

"There's an easy way to test its authenticity," Illuna says, and she uses her water magic to fill the chalice with water. 

After a few seconds, the water inside it starts to radiate magic, and then it begins to shine brightly as if there was a small sun floating right above it. 

"That settles it," Illuna says. "This is the chalice we are looking for."

She then grabs it off the pedestal and empties it of water, as we all look around us, to see if any traps get activated. 


[15] While the two of them duel, Illuna starts to apply some pressure to the other ogres by using her water whips, while doing cartwheels all over the place in order to avoid getting hit by their clubs.

"Not bad for puny dwarf!" the captain says. "But let me ask something. Does dwarf know what lies beneath stronghold floor?"

"Yeah, it's called a hill," Hadrik says. "They're kinda like mountains, only smaller. I can draw you a picture to make it easier to understand, if you want."

"That is only partly correct, dwarf," the captain says, with a wicked grin. "It's true that there is hill below us. But inside this hill, there is abandoned mines, which was used by the goblins before us. The wood in scaffolding leading down must be rotting by now. The two of us are stand right above cave wall, but I can't say the same about your friends. There is three hundred foot drop until the floor of mines. Can your friends be flying, dwarf?"

The captain then roars loudly, and all of his troops fall back towards the middle of the room. Illuna takes advantage of this, and she uses her water whip to behead them all in a single motion.

"Over here!" she says, as she waves to us from the middle of the ogre corpses. "This must be one of the safe areas. Quick!"

The ogre captain grins widely upon hearing Illuna's words. He kicks Hadrik out of his way, and readies his club to smash the floor from underneath us.


[16] Looking inside the pit, I see that Daren is hanging from a wooden beam which is beginning to crack under his weight. I had completely forgotten that he got thrown into a wall at the beginning of the fight. He must have still been in a dazed state when the floor started crumbling. As I look below to see if there are any footholds I could use to get to him, I realize that even if I managed to somehow reach his position, there's just no way that I could climb back up. The wooden scaffolding is practically unusable at this point. All that's left of it are some support pillars and a few beams here and there that look like they could break any second.

"Stay where you are!" Daren shouts at us. "Whatever you do, don't come down here! Don't worry, I have everything under control!"

He's lying. At most, he's got half a minute before that beam breaks under his weight, and he has no way of climbing back up. He must be trying to protect us.

"You bastard!" Hadrik shouts at the ogre captain, as he clashes with him once again. "You were the one who told the ogres that the middle of the room was a safe area, weren't you? Were those soldiers' lives worth nothing to you?"

"Hah!" the captain says. "Those weren't my finest warriors. They were just cannon fodder. All of them replaceable. I alone strong enough to deal with the lot of you. Look below! One of your friends already at end of his rope. The rest of you are going follow him soon."


[17] "What's the matter?" Hadrik asks him, as he blocks his strike yet again. "Didn't you say that you'd easily deal with the lot of us by yourself? You should be glad that you've been granted the opportunity to finish us all with your own hands!"

"Illuna, can't you help him?" Rose asks. "I don't know how much longer Hadrik can keep this up..."

"The ogre is wearing anti-magic armor from head to toe," Illuna says. "This means that I can't make my water sharp against him, so my whips and my arrows are out of the question. Normally, I'd use one of my whips to pull him into the chasm, but he's just too big and heavy for me to move with the amount of magical energy I have at my disposal. My stronger spells would probably penetrate his defenses, but they aren't designed to hit a single target, so I'd risk hitting the dwarf along with the ogre captain if I used them."

"There must be something we can do..." Rose says. 

"Hey, dwarf!" Arraka shouts loudly. "Remember how I told you that the ogres' weak spot is at the base of their necks? It's time for you to put that secret technique I taught you to good use!"

Hadrik laughs.

"Aye!" he says, grinning widely. "I suppose it's time for me to stop fooling around!"


[18] "Well, seriously now," Arraka says, "I couldn't let them kill the only person in this entire group who laughs at my jokes. You can buy me a beer when I get out of this amulet. I'm not sure how that's gonna work, though, since I'll probably kill you all within seconds of escaping. Aha- AHAHAHAHAHA!"

"Have you gone out of your mind, banshee?!" Daren shouts, furiously, all of a sudden.

"Who, me?" Arraka asks.

"Not you!" Daren says. "The other banshee!"

"Why, because I teleported you out of the pit?" Illuna says. "You're not seriously going to start claiming that you could have gotten out of there by yourself, are you?"

"Of course not!" Daren says. "I was about to die, and then you saved me! Why would you save me? My death would have benefited you in every way, and no one could have blamed you if you left me to die! What could you possibly have hoped to achieve from this?"

"I see no reason to justify my actions to you," Illuna says. "Figure it out yourself."

Daren's face is so red with anger that he looks like he might explode any second.


[19] "Can't you just cast your teleportation spell from earlier?” Hadrik asks. “You know, the one you used to rescue Daren from the pit?”

"No, I can only cast that spell once a day," Illuna says. "It's the same for the golden cage spell I used to trap you when we entered the fort. That's why I didn't use it on those ogres while I was fighting them."

"So you could have still cast the teleportation spell now, if not for me..." Daren says.

"Yes, but the spell only allows me to teleport one other person with me so it wouldn’t have been of much use to us here,"  Illuna says. "Plus, it has very limited range, so it's not like I can use it for travel either. I rarely get the chance to use that spell, to be honest."

"Alright, then," Hadrik says. "I'm gonna go smash through that wall so we can get to the other room."

After Hadrik destroys the wall, we see that the floor in the middle of the adjacent room had also crumbled after the ogre's smash. The cave wall from our side of the pit and the one on the opposite side seem to extend all the way to the end of the other room, and probably beyond it as well. Just as Illuna said, the scaffolding below the other room seems to be mostly intact, and it shouldn't be too risky to climb down the wooden ladders until we reach the bottom.

"Let's get going," Daren says. "Before the ogres find this room or the shaman tells them about it."


[20] "Yeah, give me a second," Arraka says.

A few moments later, a new level gets added to the fort's hologram, showing us the layout of the underground tunnels in detail. The caverns appear indeed to have an exit, but there are several ogre mages stationed right in front of it.

"There are guards at the exit," Illuna says. "Good. That means that the tunnels are still being used to a certain extent, so there should be no cave-ins blocking our path." 

"Alright, then," Hadrik says. "I'm gonna go smash through that wall so we can get to the other room."

After Hadrik destroys the wall, we see that the floor in the middle of the adjacent room had also crumbled after the ogre's smash. The cave wall from our side of the pit and the one on the opposite side seem to extend all the way to the end of the other room, and probably beyond it as well. Just as Illuna said, the scaffolding below the other room seems to be mostly intact, and it shouldn't be too risky to climb down the wooden ladders until we reach the bottom.

"Let's get going," Daren says. "Before the ogres find this room or the shaman tells them about it."


[21] "Damn it!" Hadrik says. "The shaman must have tipped them off about the secret room. If we don't pick up our pace, we'll end up getting surrounded."

"Wait, don't move!" Arraka says. "Something's wrong. I can feel it. Give me a minute."

"We don't have a minute!" Daren says. "The shaman and his ogres are breathing down our necks. Why would there be something wrong?"

"I don't KNOW yet!" Arraka says. "That's why I said I need a minute!"

"Maybe there are traps ahead of us?" Rose asks.

"I doubt it," Hadrik says. "Given that there are guards stationed at the exit, I'm guessing that these tunnels are still being used as a potential escape route in case the fort is under siege. I don't see why they would want to risk running into their own traps while they're in a hurry to abandon the stronghold. Those guards should be enough to keep any unwanted outsiders away from the tunnels."

"Yeah," Daren says. "And there was no way they would've had enough time to set up a trap in the few minutes they had at their disposal since they've been announced of our escape. The only kind of trap they might have placed is a magical one, but those can be easily detected by anyone with a decent magical sense."

"Some of the ogres are already halfway down the scaffolding," Kate says. "We don't have much time."


[22] "That's because it's really well hidden," Arraka says. "I can barely sense any magic coming from it, but it's there. Feel free to walk into it if you don't believe me. Actually, I think you should walk into it either way. It would be absolutely hilarious to watch!"

Daren gets closer to the lighted area, and he starts waving his sword in the air, as if he were trying to catch the light with it. 

"Well, I'll be damned..." Daren says. "Stand back. I'm going to disarm the trap."

He then starts slicing through the air in a triangular motion, a few times in a row. Suddenly, we hear a loud popping noise, and then there's smoke coming out of nowhere. The smoke soon disappears, and Arraka's blue light fades along with it. 

"I think that should about cover it," Daren says.

"Yeah, the trap's gone," Arraka says. "Only the ogres are left. Give me a sec. I'll highlight them too."

"Enough!" we hear the shaman's voice, and soon he materializes out of thin air, along with the five ogre mages accompanying him. "I don't know how you were able to see through my trap and through my invisibility spell, but now I know why you've been able to avoid all of the patrols on your way to the treasure room."


[23] "Well, I'll be damned..." Daren says. "Stand back. I'm going to disarm the trap."

He then starts slicing through the air in a triangular motion, a few times in a row. Suddenly, we hear a loud popping noise, and then there's smoke coming out of nowhere. The smoke soon disappears, and Arraka's blue light fades along with it. 

"I think that should about cover it," Daren says.

"Yeah, the trap's gone," Arraka says. "Only the ogres are left. Give me a sec. I'll highlight them too."

"Enough!" we hear the shaman's voice, and soon he materializes out of thin air, along with the five ogre mages accompanying him. "I don't know how you were able to see through my trap and through my invisibility spell, but now I know why you've been able to avoid all of the patrols on your way to the treasure room."


[24] "You've done it now..." the shaman says, with a dark look in his eyes, as he looks at the ashes of his five followers. "I didn't plan to use this on you, but you leave me no choice."

He then smacks his staff into the ground, and the whole room gets filled with a thick gray fog. As the fog clears a bit, I realize that we are no longer standing in the middle of a cavern, but on an open plain, and it appears to be... snowing?

My eyes are not deceiving me. It really is snowing. There's a thick layer of snow on the ground, and the trees I see in the distance are all covered in snow as well. Could this be an illusion?     

"Damn it!" Arraka says. "I completely lost track of him. He went invisible again, and I can't sense his aura at all. Actually, I can't feel any of your auras either. What the hell?"

"You aren't the only one," Kate says. "I've completely lost my magical sense as well. Could this have anything to do with the fog?"

"No," Illuna says. "This is a shaman ritual. Basically, it's a very advanced mind affecting spell. We're not in the real world anymore, and thus, there are different rules. We're not missing only our magical senses, but also our magical powers. You were already wearing collars, so you can't tell the difference, but Arraka and I cannot cast any spells at this moment. Also, it would appear that ranged weapons are not allowed either, since Barry's crossbow is gone. I think magical items are still functional, though, since the shaman must have used his staff in order to turn invisible."


[25] "Exactly," Illuna says. "Our problem is the shaman. Until we get rid of him, we won't be able to return to the real world. That's why he trapped himself in here with us."

"How are we supposed to fight him if he's got complete control of this world?" Hadrik says. "Wouldn't it be like fighting some sort of god?"

"No," Illuna says. "The shaman does not have any control over this world. He only created it. Once he trapped himself in here, he became forced to follow the same rules as the rest of us. That is the nature of these shaman rituals. He doesn't have any magic either, except for the spells in his staff. And since he's been gracious enough to let us finish our conversation, I would suspect that he has no intention of fighting us head on. He must be waiting for something."


[26] "If it's really that easy to get out of here, then why did the shaman bother to cast the ritual in the first place?" Daren asks.

"Because everyone trapped in here needs to be willing to get out in order for that method to work," Illuna says. "The problem is that the shaman trapped himself in here with us, in order to prevent us from escaping. Until we get rid of him, we won't be able to return to the real world. Fortunately, shaman rituals aren't like other mind affecting spells. The time flows differently here, which means that a year spent in this place amounts to only one second in the real world. We don't need to worry about the other ogres catching up to us and killing our real bodies while we're in here. We only need to focus on finding the shaman and killing him."

"How are we supposed to fight him if he's got complete control of this world?" Hadrik says. "Wouldn't it be like fighting some sort of god?"

"No," Illuna says. "The shaman does not have any control over this world. He only created it. Once he trapped himself in here, he became forced to follow the same rules as the rest of us. That is the nature of these shaman rituals. He doesn't have any magic either, except for the spells in his staff. And since he's been gracious enough to let us finish our conversation, I would suspect that he has no intention of fighting us head on. He must be waiting for something."


[27] Illuna, who didn't have any weapons, started jumping around using Flower's acrobatic techniques, in order to confuse the wolf and avoid getting bitten. Once Daren and Hadrik finished dealing with their own wolves, they came and killed the one attacking Illuna as well.

"This is why the shaman didn't take any actions," Hadrik says. "He was too busy getting away from here, so that his own wolves wouldn't attack him. Luckily for us, he left a trail of footsteps in the snow that we can easily follow."

He then points towards the trail of footsteps left by the shaman, which leads into the only part of the forest which doesn't seem to be crawling with wolves.

"If we all go after the shaman now, we'll have to fight wolves every step of the way," Daren says. "That would only make it easier for him to finish us off. Someone should go after the shaman alone, while the rest of us provide a distraction. Preferably someone who is confident that he can defeat the shaman in a duel and who can handle himself against a few wolves, in case they don't all take the bait."   


[28] I suddenly realize that the snow is not completely uniform on the right side near the end of the trail of footsteps. It's barely noticeable, but it's definitely different from the rest of the snow.

That's it! That's why he's not moving. He must have purposely made his tracks so easy to follow in order to boost my confidence and to make me attack without hesitation. He's trying to trick me into rushing towards the end of the trail, while in reality, he's covered his last set of tracks, and he's waiting to attack me from behind. Judging by the looks of the snow, I think I can guess accurately enough where the shaman is actually standing.

I grab my dagger firmly in both hands, and I start rushing towards the shaman. The ogre panics and he dismisses his invisibility spell automatically as he prepares to attack me. 


[29] I start to pick up my pace, while at the same time trying to remain as vigilant as possible. When it looks as if I am finally starting to catch up with the shaman, I hide behind a tree, and then I take a good long look ahead of me. The trail of footsteps ends abruptly, in the middle of the snow, and there is no one in sight. He must still be invisible. But why isn't he moving? Did he see me before I hid behind the tree?

It doesn't matter. If he saw me, then I'll just have to make sure to dodge whatever spell he decides to throw at me. If he didn't, then it means I still have the element of surprise. I move quickly and silently from tree to tree, until I get close enough to the shaman, and then I rush towards him, with my knife in front of me. To my surprise, there was no one waiting for me at the end of the trail of footsteps, and all I got to stab was empty air. Does this mean that he teleported away? No, that can't be it! He wouldn't have walked such a long distance if he could have just teleported right away. That only leaves one possibility. He must have covered his last set of footprints and hidden himself somewhere close, waiting for the right moment to strike.

I turn around and see the shaman standing several feet behind me, with his staff fully charged and a wicked grin on his face.  A bright blue magical projectile shoots out of his staff and straight for my face.

I barely had the time to react, but luckily my fast reflexes helped me get out of its way just in time. The shaman frowns, and he starts charging up his staff yet again, in order to cast another spell. I grab my dagger firmly in both hands, and I start rushing towards the ogre.


[30] I start to pick up my pace, while at the same time trying to remain as vigilant as possible. When it looks as if I am finally starting to catch up with the shaman, I hide behind a tree, and then I take a good long look ahead of me. The trail of footsteps ends abruptly, in the middle of the snow, and there is no one in sight. He must still be invisible. But why isn't he moving? Did he see me before I hid behind the tree?

It doesn't matter. If he saw me, then I'll just have to make sure to dodge whatever spell he decides to throw at me. If he didn't, then it means I still have the element of surprise. I move quickly and silently from tree to tree, until I get close enough to the shaman, and then I rush towards him, with my knife in front of me. To my surprise, there was no one waiting for me at the end of the trail of footsteps, and all I got to stab was empty air. Does this mean that he teleported away? No, that can't be it! He wouldn't have walked such a long distance if he could have just teleported right away. That only leaves one possibility. He must have covered his last set of footprints and hidden himself somewhere close, waiting for the right moment to strike.

I turn around and see the shaman standing several feet behind me, with his staff fully charged and a wicked grin on his face.  A bright blue magical projectile shoots out of his staff and straight for my face.

I had no time to get out of its way, and the projectile went straight through my head, killing me on the spot.


[31] Illuna was in a brief state of shock after the shaman's reveal, but then her expression darkened, and she went to sit herself down on the floor, with her back leaning against one of the cave's walls.

"What are you waiting for?" she asks, when she sees us looking at her. "Get going. I'll hold the ogres off here. It's not like there's much else I can do in the little time I have left."

"It's true, then?" Rose asks. "What the ogre said?"

"Yes," Illuna says. "The curse is much too powerful for me to break with any of the spells I know. The shaman was being generous when he said that I'd get to live for another hour. From what I can tell, the curse will likely kill me in the next fifteen minutes."

"No!" Rose shouts. "You can't give up! You can't give up like this! There has to be a way to--"

Rose stops mid-sentence because she sees Daren starting to move towards Illuna. When he reaches her, he lifts his sword and looks at the banshee, without uttering a word. Illuna looks back at him and she laughs.


[32] Before I get the time to fully regain my senses, a bright green light envelops Illuna, and then it disappears almost as quickly as it appeared. The shaman then starts laughing hoarsely, before coughing some blood on the cave's floor.

"This is the end, banshee," the shaman says, as he coughs some more. "For both of us. That spell I just cast on you was a curse of death. A shamanic spell that kills both the caster and its target. You likely have less than an hour left to live. My life was forfeited the moment I managed to get myself cornered within my own shaman ritual, but at least now I'll get the satisfaction of dragging the traitor who started all of this mess to the underworld with me!"

He then laughs hoarsely again, and he starts to turn into ashes.

"Damn it!" Hadrik says, as he jumps towards the shaman, but all he gets to punch are his ashes, which are now slowly piling up on the floor of the caverns.

Illuna was in a brief state of shock after the shaman's reveal, but then her expression darkened, and she went to sit herself down on the floor, with her back leaning against one of the cave's walls.

"What are you waiting for?" she asks, when she sees us looking at her. "Get going. I'll hold the ogres off here. It's not like there's much else I can do in the little time I have left."


[33] "Illuna, catch!" Kate shouts, and she throws the banshee her dagger.

Illuna catches it from the air, and she quickly slides below one of the wolves, holding her dagger with both hands, and splitting the beast's belly in half as she passed beneath it. She then jumps on the back of another wolf, and she sticks her knife in the back of its neck. As the animal falls, she jumps off it, landing with a quick roll, and then she stabs the last of the wolves in its right eye. The banshee doesn't get any chance to rest, because four other wolves are already coming her way.

In the meantime, three of the wolves have managed to get past Daren, and are now steadily approaching me and Kate. 


[34] Before I get the time to fully regain my senses, a bright green light envelops Illuna, and then it disappears almost as quickly as it appeared. The shaman then starts laughing hoarsely, before coughing some blood on the cave's floor.

"This is the end, banshee," the shaman says, as he coughs some more. "For both of us. That spell I just cast on you was a curse of death. A shamanic spell that kills both the caster and its target. You likely have less than an hour left to live. My life was forfeited the moment I managed to get myself cornered within my own shaman ritual, but at least now I'll get the satisfaction of dragging the traitor who started all of this mess to the underworld with me!"

He then laughs hoarsely again, and he starts to turn into ashes.

"Damn it!" Hadrik says, as he jumps towards the shaman, but all he gets to punch are his ashes, which are now slowly piling up on the floor of the caverns.

Illuna was in a brief state of shock after the shaman's reveal, but then her expression darkened, and she went to sit herself down on the floor, with her back leaning against one of the cave's walls.

"What are you waiting for?" she asks, when she sees us looking at her. "Get going. I'll hold the ogres off here. It's not like there's much else I can do in the little time I have left."

"It's true, then?" Rose asks. "What the ogre said?"


[35] He then laughs hoarsely again, and he starts to turn into ashes.

"Damn it!" Hadrik says, as he jumps towards the shaman, but all he gets to punch are his ashes, which are now slowly piling up on the floor of the caverns.

Illuna was in a brief state of shock after the shaman's reveal, but then her expression darkened, and she went to sit herself down on the floor, with her back leaning against one of the cave's walls.

"What are you waiting for?" she asks, when she sees us looking at her. "Get going. I'll hold the ogres off here. It's not like there's much else I can do in the little time I have left."

"It's true, then?" Rose asks. "What the ogre said?"

"Yes," Illuna says. "The curse is much too powerful for me to break with any of the spells I know. The shaman was being generous when he said that I'd get to live for another hour. From what I can tell, the curse will likely kill me in the next fifteen minutes."

"No!" Rose shouts. "You can't give up! You can't give up like this! There has to be a way to--"

Rose stops mid-sentence because she sees Daren starting to move towards Illuna. When he reaches her, he lifts his sword and looks at the banshee, without uttering a word. Illuna looks back at him and she laughs.


[36] "No need to worry about that!" Hadrik says, with a grin. "I've got a plan. But first, we all need to get out of the caves. Come on! Move, move, move!"

As we all get out of the abandoned mines, Hadrik jumps high into the air, and he punches the rocks above the cave's entrance. The whole rocky wall crumbles and completely blocks the path that leads to the caverns.

"That's it?" Daren asks. "That's your plan?"

"Simple, but effective, don't you think?" Hadrik says, with a wide grin.

"Did it cross your mind that they might have warriors within their ranks that are capable of moving a few rocks out of their way?" Daren says. "Not to mention all the mages that can just blow the rocks up."

"If they try to use explosions, they'll just bury themselves in," Illuna says. "And from what I've seen while I was walking around the fort, the captain was their only warrior that had strength comparable to the dwarf's. They can still use air magic to move the rocks out of the way, but it will take them a while. That gives us more than enough time to make ourselves scarce."

"There you have it!" Hadrik says. "Come on, let's go get our backpacks!"

"Wait," Arraka says. "I'm sensing two ogres hiding invisibly near the base of the hill."

"Are they in our way?" Daren asks.

"No, but they might try to ambush us later," Arraka says.


[37] "Healer,' Illuna says, as we walk through the woods. "After I released you from your cell, you promised that you wouldn't attack me until we escaped the fort. Now that we're at a safe enough distance from the ogres, you are no longer bound by that promise. Should I start to prepare my defenses?"

"No, I..." Daren starts to say, but he pauses. "I don't really feel like fighting anymore today..."

"I see," Illuna says, eying him suspiciously.


[38] Once we found a good camping spot, we started to set up our tents. Hadrik said that two of his spare tents needed to be fixed before they could be used again, so Rose offered to share her tent with Kate and Illuna for the night. When we started discussing about how to divide guard duty between ourselves, Kate, Rose and Hadrik unanimously voted for me and Daren to take the first shift. Their flawless synchronization when they voted for us was suspicious to say the least, but I decided not to call them out on it for the time being.  

Before we went to sleep, Hadrik insisted that we hold a toast to celebrate our victory, but nobody seemed to be in the mood for drinking, given how tired they were after today's events.


[39] "Okay, Barry, listen closely!" Rose says in a low voice, as Hadrik heads for his tent. "I think you might have already realized by now that--" 

She pauses mid-sentence and she looks at my face.

"Barry, are you drunk?" she asks.

"Maybe a little," I answer her.

Rose giggles.

"Hold on," she says. "I've got some herbs in my backpack that will get you back in shape in no time, and you won't have to worry about a hangover either. I'll be right back!"

After she's done searching her backpack, she comes back with a fistful of red leaves, and she tells me that I need to chew on them for thirty seconds. Once I'm done, I realize that my dizziness is completely gone, and I can think clearly again.

"So, as I was saying," Rose says, "you might have already realized by now that Kate, Hadrik and I had a little discussion before voting for you and Daren to take the first night shift. I'm sorry that we didn't invite you as well, but someone needed to stay with Daren so that he wouldn't get suspicious."

"Yeah, I kind of figured that something was wrong when I saw how well in sync you three were," I say. "So, what's this all about, then?"

"Well, you know how Illuna said that Flower still needs to remain in stasis until at least tomorrow evening?"

"Yeah, I remember."


[40] "I don't care if he did or did not figure out my plan," Rose says. "What I want is for him to stay away from Illuna so that she can finally get a good night's sleep. I don't think that Daren would try to hurt her while she's unconscious, but keeping him as far away from her as possible is the only way Illuna can feel safe right now. I'm really sorry that I forced you into this, but I'd much rather have you with Daren than Hadrik, and I can't join you because I need to stay by Illuna's side, since I'm probably the only one that she somewhat trusts in our group. But if you don't feel like going through with this, I understand... I'll try and see if Hadrik--"

"No, no, that's not what I meant!" I say. "Look, here's what we're gonna do. I'll make sure that Daren doesn't come near your tent during our shift, but if he gives any hint of having figured out what you're up to, I'm not going to start making up lies about it. If he asks, I'll tell him the truth. Deal?"

Rose smiles, and she shakes my hand.

"Deal!" she says.

"Alright, then," I say. "Well, in that case, I'll be off to begin my night shift. Wish me luck!"

"Good luck, Barry!" Rose says. "And thank you..."

She then heads towards her tent, while I grab my crossbow and start walking towards the place where Daren was sitting and polishing his weapon.


[41] "You're talking about that time when you were hanging from a wooden beam in the caverns and Illuna offered you her hand?"

"Yes..." Daren says.

"Come to think of it," I say, "you didn't start acting this way only after meeting Illuna. You've been acting strangely ever since Azarius told us about artificial mages and the Beacon of Hope."

I pause for a little.

"Now that I think about it," I continue, "I don't remember you speaking a single word to Kate after you found out that she was an artificial mage and not a banshee."

Daren looks at me for a few moments, as realization dawns upon him.

"Barry, you're right!" Daren says. "I really haven't spoken with Kate at all since that day. I don't know what's wrong with me."


[42] After a good night’s sleep, we all got up early in the morning, packed our tents, and resumed our journey, aiming to reach the ruins by sundown. Since we knew exactly which way we were headed this time around, we could afford to keep going without stopping to look for every single one of Flower’s markers, which saved us quite a few hours on our way back. 

Due to everything that’s happened in the last few days, our group was visibly starting to become a lot more closely knit. Even though I couldn’t say that we all got along perfectly, the fact of having survived through such hardships together by trusting and relying on each other seemed to have developed a certain bond between us. Even Arraka was starting to act more like a member of the group. As a reward for her cooperation yesterday, her locket was left open, so every now and then she would join our conversations by adding her unique commentary, even though most it was either somehow tied to the atrocities she committed during the still winter, or a dark joke of some kind.

Throughout our journey back to the ruins, Daren had tried on multiple occasions to initiate casual conversation with Illuna, but his awkward attempts at trying to make up with her only managed to make her even more suspicious of his motives. Despite his boasting, however, he still didn’t utter a single word to Kate by the time we’d reached our destination.


[43] "Rose!" she says in her ancient language. "Rose, I was so worried! The animals in the forest kept talking about the group of humans captured by the golden fox, and when I recognized your descriptions I rushed towards the forbidden forest as fast as I could. I was hoping that I could persuade the fox to let you go, but when I heard she sent you to the ogre fortress I had almost lost all hope..."

When the doe finishes talking, Rose approaches her and gives her a big hug.

"Thank you, Elaria!" she says. "Thank you for always looking out for me! I'm really sorry for the way I've been acting lately. I've been actively avoiding you ever since Molan's father died. I was feeling guilty and I just couldn't bear to look you in the eyes anymore. But someone made me realize that I was only making things worse by not talking to you. I shouldn't have abandoned you like this. I should have been with you in your time of need. Can you ever forgive me for my selfishness?"

"Of course!" Elaria says, as a tear drops from her eye. "Of course I'll forgive you, Rose! You will always be welcome in our home, no matter what happens. Don't you ever forget that!"

"I promise I'll come back to visit you as soon as I'm done helping all the sick people in my hometown," Rose says. "And I'll bring with me those blue leaves that Molan likes so much!"

"I'm sure that Molan will be ecstatic when I tell him this," the doe says, smiling. "Please, take care of yourself, Rose!"


[44] "You should have seen them bickering like two lovebirds during our whole trip back!" Arraka says. "It's like they're both made for each other!"

"Wait, your locket's open?" Flower asks Arraka. "How come your locket's open? Petal never leaves it open!"

"Hah!" Arraka says. "That is a thing of the past. Due to my outstanding performance during our last mission, I have been promoted to a full-time member of the group! That means that you all need to listen to my opinions from now on. For example, I think that before going to sleep, we should all hunt a few animals and put their heads on spikes all around our camp in order to ward off invaders!"

"Don't push your luck," Illuna says.

"Oh gods," Flower says. "So many things have happened while I was asleep! I can barely keep track of them anymore! Hold on, I need to write this all down!"


[45] "I no longer have any leads on Diane's whereabouts," Kate says. "And if the organizers eventually announce some objectives, I'll have to at least try and complete their tasks, to avoid getting disqualified for lack of participation. Until then, I was thinking of sticking around with you guys. That is to say, if..."

She pauses again.

"...If you'll have me..." she continues.

"Of course we'll have you, Kate!" I say. "I know that Daren has been acting a little strange lately, but trust me when I say that--"

I pause mid-sentence because I see that Daren is now heading towards us, with a very uncomfortable look on his face.

"Speaking of the devil..." I tell Kate, in a low voice.


[46] "I was wrong," he says, after a while, deciding not to continue his previous sentence. "Even if on the surface I was acting like your friend, in reality I never let my guard down around you, and I was expecting you to betray us and turn into a monster at any moment. And to make matters worse, after learning the truth, instead of trying to make amends, I spent my time sulking like some four-year-old who'd dropped his candy bar in a sewer. I realize that it is way beyond late now, but I couldn't just let things go on like this forever. The reason why I came here to you tonight is that I wanted to... apologize."

It looked like it took every ounce of his strength to utter that last word. I don't think I've seen him this tense even when we were battling the hydra in the lessathi ruins.

"I'm sorry, what was that?" Kate says. "You'll have to repeat that last word you said, because I could barely hear it."

"Damn it, woman!" Daren says. "You know very well what I said. Don't make me repeat it! Now, do you accept my apology or not?!"

Immediately after Daren finishes his sentence, Kate starts to laugh. But her laughter is sounding much more natural than ever before. When he first heard her, Daren looked as if he were about to blow his fuse again, but then he realized that there was no hint of malice in Kate's laughter, so he eventually calmed down.


[47] "Petal, you're not helping!" Flower says, as the rest of us start to laugh. "You're not helping at all!"

After the long overdue celebration was finally over, we each went to sleep in our respective tents, except for Hadrik and Daren, who took the first shift. For those few hours while we drank together, it felt hard to believe that we'd been risking our lives fighting ogres just one day prior. It almost felt like I was back at home, spending a night out in a tavern with some friends, far away from all the madness of this tournament. It was nice to have a night like this for a change. And who knows? Maybe the worst is all behind us, and every night from now on will be like this as well. A man is allowed to dream, right?

With these final thoughts, I put my head on the pillow, and I awoke the next morning, feeling completely refreshed. This time around I got the lucky draw, and I didn't need to take any shifts, which was a nice change of pace from all the sleepless nights I've been having lately. Since we didn't have a fixed time limit anymore, we all decided to sleep in today, so it was already ten o'clock in the morning by the time I got out of my tent. Taking a look around the camp, it seemed that everyone else had already gotten up for some time, and they were just about to finish their breakfast.

"He awakens at last!" Daren says, as he sees me get out of my tent. "Did you enjoy your ten hours of uninterrupted sleep, Barry? It's too bad you missed breakfast, though. Flower really outdid herself this time, too! Her food making skills are simply divine. But don't worry, I'm sure we can still scrounge up some cold leftovers for you to eat if you're really hungry!"


[48] After everyone's finished eating, we decided to hold a meeting and establish what our plans were, now that we were finally free of our collars.

"The three of us had already promised Rose that we'd escort her safely to her hometown," Daren says, as he points towards me and Kate, "so that's where we're headed right now. Hadrik, Flower, you have no obligations to keep travelling with us, so we can part ways here if you want."

"Actually, travelling with this group has provided me with the most fun I've had in years," Hadrik says. "The objectives of the tournament still haven't been announced, so I don't really have anything specific to do until then. If it's all the same to you, then I'd rather tag along!"

"How about you, Flower?" Kate says.

"Well..." Flower says, looking a little hesitant. "I wouldn't want to be a bother to anyone..."

"What, are you kidding me?" Hadrik says. "You can spit fire, jump on walls and make food out of nothing! Who would be crazy enough to not want you in their group?"

"Nobody here would ever turn you away after how much you've helped us, Flower," Rose says. "And don't you even for a second think that you could ever be a bother to us. The question here is what YOU want to do. Would you like to keep travelling with us?"

"Yes!" Flower says, beaming. "I would love to!"


[49] "This chain is starting to get old," she says. "We'll have to get a new one the next time we're in a city."

"That's great!" Arraka shouts. "Now, if you're done testing the chain's durability, maybe you could STOP WITH THE SPINNING?!"

"Oh right, sorry," Flower says, as she grabs the amulet and puts it back around her neck. "I forgot you had motion sickness."

"Wait, seriously?" Hadrik asks, with a laugh. "The almighty invincible banshee can't handle a little spinning?"

"It's because she's trapped in the amulet," Illuna says. "It's messing with her senses. She didn't have any problems like this when she was possessing animal bodies."

"Oh good, Kate's here," Daren says, as he sees Kate approaching us. "I guess we should be good to go, then."

"Where are we headed, exactly?" Hadrik asks.

"The city of Thilias," Rose says. "It's a small harbor town near the southern coast. It's lovely this time of year!"


[50] "Eiden..." Daren says, with a frown. 

"Now, now," Eiden says. "There's no need to be so hostile! I only came to help!"

"Wait, how did you find us?" I ask him.

"By tracing your auras, of course!" Eiden says. "I just finished my business on the other side of the island, and I thought I'd pop by to visit."

"How could you possibly have identified us just by our auras from that far away?" I say.

"Our auras are much more complex than you may think, Barry," Eiden says. "Most people only use them to learn of a person's magical prowess, and maybe to understand their basic emotional state, but a person's aura is capable of showing us much more than that. With enough practice, you will see that each person's aura is unique, and it can be used to track them down from a great distance, if your magical sense is sharp enough. Mine happens to cover the whole island of Varathia."

"You mean to say that you can find out any person's whereabouts at any given time?" I say.


[51] "I know!" Eiden says with a smile, all of a sudden. "I should kill one of your friends! That should make you take me more seriously!"

"What did you... just say?" I ask him.

All of a sudden, I hear Rose starting to gasp for air loudly.

"Rose!" Daren says. "What's happening?"

Rose tries to say something, but she doesn't manage to get enough air in her lungs to articulate her words properly.

"You shouldn't force yourself to speak, Rose," Eiden says. "After all, the airways to your lungs are currently slowly closing themselves in. You should focus all of your efforts into breathing as much air as possible!"

"You bastard!" Daren shouts as he pulls out his sword. "I'm going to kill--"

Before he gets to finish his sentence, Daren falls to the ground, completely paralyzed, and the same thing happens to everyone else except me and Rose, immediately afterwards.


[52] "You!" she shouts, as she points at Eiden. "I'll kill you! I'll kill you!!!"

She then jumps towards Eiden and starts throwing a flurry of fireballs at him, as the stillwater casually dodges each one of them without even using any magic. Flower then shoots a beam of fire that engulfs Eiden completely, but it simply passes him by and leaves him unharmed. 

"You killed them!" Flower says. "You killed them all! Bring them back! Do you hear me?! Bring them back!"

She then conjures a dragon made entirely of fire that flies towards Eiden and starts to attack him with its claws. Flower also joins the battle up close, and she tries to punch the stillwater with her flaming fists.

"Illuna," Eiden says, as he parries the girl's strikes with one hand, and the dragon's with the other. "Do you think you can put a stop to this? I'm kind of starting to lose my patience, here..."

For a second, the girl's eyes turned bright blue, and I could clearly see the fear in them. The next moment, Flower stopped moving, and she looked as if she were being held against her will by an invisible force.

"Let me go, Petal!" the girl says, as tears start to form in her eyes while she struggles to break free. "Let me go! I have to kill him! I have to!"

After trying in vain to free herself for a few more seconds, Flower then turns towards us.

