
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] 

"I can't believe that we managed to get ourselves imprisoned twice in two days," Hadrik says. "And by animals and ogres, to boot. If word gets out, we're going to become the laughing stock of the tournament."

It has now been close to six hours since we were teleported to our prison cell. I can tell because my stats device also shows me the hour of the day, in addition to my stats. Otherwise, it would have been almost impossible to find out how much time had passed, because not only are there no windows in our cell, but also no sources of light whatsoever, except for the small light coming from my stat booster's screen. 

For the past few hours, we've been trying to shake off the permanent paralysis effect of our prison cell and to come up with a plan to fool the ogre guards into releasing us. So far, we've made no significant progress on either front. Daren and Hadrik managed to remove their paralysis spells temporarily, by focusing all of their magical energy into giving their muscles a powerful jolt, but they were barely able to move three feet before the spell was automatically cast on them once more. 

Of the five of us trapped here, I appear to be the only one that can move my hands, even if only slightly. It turns out that partial resistance to paralysis is one of the perks I get for being a lessathi, along with a higher than average resistance to electricity. That being said, this newfound ability of mine hasn't really helped me much, except for being able to take the stats device out of my pocket in order to use it as a makeshift candle.


[3] "Yeah, she sure did a number on us."

"To be honest, I don't think that the banshee actually betrayed us," Kate says.

"Why do you say that?" I ask her.

"Because of what she said about the collars around our necks," Kate says. "Even if we take into account the fact that the lessathi were significantly more technologically advanced than any of the currently predominant races, there is just no way that such small devices could blow up this entire fort. If there really is a self-destruct mechanism implanted in these collars, I doubt that it could take out more than a roomful of ogres. I think the banshee knew this fact, and she was banking on the ogres' lack of expertise on this particular subject when she lied to them about it."

"I'm sorry to burst your bubble, Kate, but this all sounds like wishful thinking to me," Hadrik says. "You don't really think that the banshee is just going to show up here to open our cell, cancel the paralysis spell and tell us that everything was her plan all along, do you?"

Almost immediately after the dwarf finishes his question, we hear one of the ogre guards from outside our cell shouting loudly.


[4] "Actually, I'm not so sure that she really betrayed us."

"Have you gone daft?" Daren asks me.

"No, think about it for a second," I tell him. "When she was asked how to deal with us, she purposely omitted the fact that our collars are set to electrocute us if we distance ourselves too much from each other. She only told the shaman about our five days limit. What if she was just buying time, so that she could walk around the stronghold's premises unhindered, in order to map out its layout?"

"You're overthinking this, Barry," Daren says. "It's probably just the fact that the collars would have exploded anyway, after electrocuting us. Running out the clock was likely the only way they could have killed us safely, otherwise she would have mentioned something else."

"I don't think that's true," Kate says. "Even if we take into account the fact that the lessathi were significantly more technologically advanced than any of the currently predominant races, there is just no way that such small devices could blow up this entire fort. If there really is a self-destruct mechanism implanted in these collars, I doubt that it could take out more than a roomful of ogres. I think the banshee knew this fact, and she was banking on the ogres' lack of expertise on this particular subject when she lied to them about it."


[5] Seeing that none of us are saying anything, Illuna starts to speak again.

"The girl told you before coming here that we had a secret plan, didn't she?" she says. "Well, this is that plan. I'm busting you out. Now come on, we shouldn't be lingering too much time in one place."

"Yeah, I'm not buying it," Daren says. "I'm much more inclined to believe that your deal with the ogres didn't work out as well as you were hoping, and now you're trying to use us to get back at them. The proof is that you didn't tell us about your plan beforehand."

"I couldn't tell you beforehand, you oaf," Illuna says. "Your reactions needed to be genuine when I betrayed you. The shaman can tell from your auras if you are actually shocked or just pretending. That is the reason why I had to put Flower to sleep. As a banshee, I am the only one who the shaman can't read, because I am in complete control of my emotions, as well as my aura fluctuations."

"Oh yeah?" Daren says. "Well, why don't you wake the girl up, then, so she can confirm all of this herself?"

 "The stasis I put Flower in cannot be undone forcefully without risking serious complications," Illuna says. "The spell usually lasts two days, so I didn't have the time to wait for her to wake up before coming to rescue you."

"How convenient," Daren says.

The banshee frowns at him.

"If you don't feel like breaking out of this cell, then I'll just take the others with me, and leave you here to rot," she says.


[6] "Do what you want," I say, as I toss him the sword.

"Hmph," Illuna says. "Typical."

"It's about time you and I had a little duel, banshee," Daren says, as he steps towards the door. "Nobody is going to save you this time."

The two of them step outside, into the corridor where the ogre guard was killed. The rest of us follow them out of our cell, to get a better view of the fight. So far, nobody seems keen on stopping either of them.

"We're going to settle this once and for all," Daren says, with a serious tone in his voice. "We fight to the very end. Are you ready, banshee?"

"As ready as I'll ever be," Illuna says, in a disinterested tone.

"Then here I come," Daren says, and he dashes towards her, raising his sword in the air, ready to strike.


[7] "Of course it doesn't," Illuna says. "Because it never happened. The fact that I was the one holding the whips was just a ruse. I only made it seem that way to instill a false sense of security within you. I wasn't the one who threw you into that wall. The whip did so by itself, and I just mimicked the motion with my arm to make it appear like I was the one doing all the legwork. Since you didn't expect a mere child to have so much strength, you left your guard down against such attacks, thus becoming vulnerable."

She pauses.

"Now then," she continues. "I don't usually do this kind of thing, but if you promise to stop being an idiot, I am willing to spare your life for Flower's sake. Actually, I think I've worded that wrong. It may well be physically impossible for you to stop being an idiot. Just promise that you won't attack me again, and I'll give you back your sword."

"You're willing to let me live after all of this?" Daren asks.

"Yes," Illuna says. "If legends are anything to go by, then you are the kind of man that would rather die than break his word. If I can get you to swear it, then I will at least rest assured that you won't try anything until we get out of the fort."

"Then I'll swear it," Daren says. "I won't lay a hand on you until we get out of the fort."

The banshee frowns again.

"Fair enough," she says, as her water spear disappears into thin air.


[8] "I'll give you the sword on one condition," I tell him. "You have to swear to not attack Illuna with it."

"Again with this?" Daren says. "Don't tell me that you actually believe her lies?"

"It doesn't matter what I think," I say. "Either way you look at it, this isn't the time to be fighting each other. Now, are you going to swear it or not?"

Daren frowns at me.

"Fine, I'll swear it!" he says. "But only until we're all at a safe distance from the ogre fort."

"Good enough for me," I say, and I toss him the sword.

As the five of us exit our cell, Illuna makes a gesture with her right hand, and a stone dislodges itself from a nearby wall. Daren's shield then comes floating out of the hole in the wall, and into Daren's hand.

"I don't understand," Daren says. "Why did the ogres place my shield inside of a wall?"

"They didn't," Illuna says. "It was stashed in the same place as all the other weapons. I hid it here before unlocking your cell to make sure I had the upper hand, in case you decided to challenge me again, like you did last night. Now, then, if we're all done here, I suggest we get going. I already found out where they're holding the chalice."


[9] "Is that all?" Rose asks, with an uncharacteristically furious expression on her face, while a tear is forming in one of her eyes. "Is that all you're going to say after what you did to us?"

"I already told you," Illuna says, "I had to keep the truth from you in order to make sure that your reactions were genuine. It was all necessary for carrying out our plan."

"Oh yeah?" Rose asks. "And what about all those mean things you said before we got teleported to our cell? What about when you said that I was too trusting for my own good and that I was a fool for not having listened to Daren? Was all of that necessary too?"

As Rose finished asking her question, I could see Illuna's cold expression change for a brief moment. In that one moment, she almost seemed human.

"No..." Illuna says, after a short pause. "It was not. I only said all of that because I wanted to get back at you for not letting me rest the other night. I overreacted. I apologize."

The fury in Rose's eyes disappeared upon hearing Illuna's words. She looks a bit confused. I don't think she was expecting such an honest apology. 

"Well... As long as you won't do it again..." Rose says.

Arraka starts laughing hysterically.

"Illuna apologizing?" she says. "Quick, find a place to hide! Barricade yourselves! The world as we know it may well be coming to an end!"


[10] "Why do the dots have different colors?"

"The blue dots are the mages, the red dots are the warriors, the green dot is the shaman, and the purple dot is the captain," Illuna says.

"She can tell the difference?" Kate asks.

"Yes," Illuna says. "If your magical sense is good enough, you can make the distinction quite easily, based on their level of magical power or even their unique aura signatures. Right now, we need to make it all the way to the lowest level of the main building, where their treasury is being located."

"Hold on," Hadrik says. "Before we get going, I think there's still one more issue that needs to be cleared up. The shaman called you Illuna of the sacred woods massacre earlier, and he said that you killed hundreds of animals without mercy. What was that all about?"

"Oh, I can answer this question for her!" Arraka says.

"Arraka, I swear, if you don't shut up..." Illuna says.

"Hmm?" Arraka says. "You'll what?"

Illuna doesn't say anything.

"That's what I thought!" Arraka says. "So anyway, as I was saying, in order to better understand the events of the sacred woods massacre, I need to tell you a little story first. It is a story about three young banshees that I decided to take under my wing out of the kindness of my heart a few hundred years ago. Their names were Sidara, Unuri and Illuna."


[11] "Can't Arraka maintain the hologram if you close the amulet?"

"She claims that closing the amulet would make her lose her focus," Illuna says. "She's probably lying, but the end result is the same. She clearly has no intention of maintaining the hologram if I close the amulet, so I'm stuck with her like this. At least the map has been genuine so far. If we follow this path right here, we should be able to make it all the way to the lowest level of the main building, where their treasury is being located."

"Hold on," Hadrik says. "Before we get going, I think there's still one more issue that needs to be cleared up. The shaman called you Illuna of the sacred woods massacre earlier, and he said that you killed hundreds of animals without mercy. What was that all about?"

"Oh, I can answer this question for her!" Arraka says.

"Arraka, I swear, if you don't shut up..." Illuna says.

"Hmm?" Arraka says. "You'll what?"

Illuna doesn't say anything.

"That's what I thought!" Arraka says. "So anyway, as I was saying, in order to better understand the events of the sacred woods massacre, I need to tell you a little story first. It is a story about three young banshees that I decided to take under my wing out of the kindness of my heart a few hundred years ago. Their names were Sidara, Unuri and Illuna."


[12] "Arraka, that's enough!" Illuna says.

"But of course, in order to shape her into my own image, I needed to utterly destroy her first!" Arraka continues, ignoring Illuna. "So I started to teach her even more than I taught the others. I made sure that she knew all kinds of obscure techniques and that she could control her water element to perfection. Then, when the time came, I led them all into one of the sacred woods. It was easy to get them to follow me. They all trusted me with their lives, and they didn't know that I was taking them into forbidden territory. Poor Unuri and Sidara were no match for the valiant guardians of the forest, and Illuna was not strong enough to fight all of the animals by herself while also protecting her friends."

"Arraka, I'm warning you!" Illuna says.

"Oh, and Illuna was simply adorable!" Arraka says. "Did I tell you? Back then she absolutely refused to kill other living creatures unless she had no other choice. She would be depressed for days after changing hosts, because she'd been forced to end someone's life without their consent! Needless to say, even in a dire situation such as this, Illuna still refused to kill the animals, and simply incapacitated them. I know this, because I was watching the whole thing from above, while laughing continuously. They didn't understand what I was doing at first. They kept calling for me, begging me to save them like I always did. They saw all of the events unfold before their eyes, but their minds simply couldn't comprehend them. It was only when Unuri and Sidara got impaled that the cold hard reality finally hit Illuna in the face."


[13] A brief pause followed Illuna's words, during which nobody spoke a word.

"Alright, fine!" Arraka says after a while, and she conjures back the miniature ogre fort, with all of its details still intact. "I swear, you have absolutely no sense of humor. I don't know how that girl puts up with you!"

Illuna ignores Arraka, and she turns to Hadrik.

"I trust that Arraka's explanation about the sacred woods massacre will suffice?" she asks him, with a dark look on her face. "Or would you perhaps like to hear more details?"

"Uh, no..." Hadrik says. "I think I'm good, thanks..."

Illuna then turns around and starts leading us to the lower levels, as we all follow her, in silence. Thanks to Arraka's map, we were able to successfully avoid most of the guards as we made our way towards the treasure room. The ones that we couldn't avoid were quickly and silently dispatched by Illuna. Her way of doing things was completely opposite to Flower's. She was cold and calculated, and she would use the girl's athletic prowess to her advantage when going in for the kill. Every time she had to take out an ogre guard, she'd climb one of the walls, position herself above him and then hang from the ceiling to deliver the finishing blow. 


[14] I open one of the coffers, and start filling my pockets with diamonds and rubies. 

"Seriously, Barry?" Daren says. "We came here to get the chalice, not to rob the ogres blind!"

"This whole room is full of treasure," I tell him. "A few missing gems here and there aren't going to make much of a difference."

After I'm done with the gems, I join the others, who are now standing in front of a marble pedestal, on top of which lies the chalice we've come here to retrieve.

"Don't make any loud noises!" Illuna tells us, in a low voice. "The ogre captain and his troops are standing right beyond that wall from behind the chalice."

"Which one's the ogre captain?" Hadrik asks, as he stares at the fort hologram.

"The purple dot," Illuna says. "The red dots scattered around him are his troops."

"How come the room they are in isn't marked on the map?" Kate asks.

"It's because it didn't appear in any of the building plans that we studied in the library," Illuna says. "It's probably a hidden room that they use for their top secret meetings."


[15] I resist the urge to fill my pockets with priceless gems, and continue forward. A few moments later, the six of us stop in front of a marble pedestal, on top of which lies the chalice we've come here to retrieve.

"Don't make any loud noises!" Illuna tells us, in a low voice. "The ogre captain and his troops are standing right beyond that wall from behind the chalice."

"Which one's the ogre captain?" Hadrik asks, as he stares at the fort hologram.

"The purple dot," Illuna says. "The red dots scattered around him are his troops."

"How come the room they are in isn't marked on the map?" Kate asks.

"It's because it didn't appear in any of the building plans that we studied in the library," Illuna says. "It's probably a hidden room that they use for their top secret meetings."

"The way they placed the chalice on top of a pedestal like that just screams 'trap' to me," Daren says. "Was there any documentation regarding the traps they're using to defend this room?"


[16] "Huh," Hadrik says. "I guess we overestimated the ogres a bit when we assumed they were smart enough to actually come up with a--"

The dwarf doesn't get to finish his sentence, as the floor below us quickly starts to rotate, along with us and the wall behind the pedestal. Two seconds later, we find ourselves standing in a room full of ogres, with the captain of the stronghold grinning at us maliciously.

"I suspected banshee from start," the captain says, in his broken Common. "I told great shaman he make mistake for trusting banshee, but shaman no listen! I knew you come here sooner or later with your friends to steal treasure, so I wait for you in secret ambush room! These are my finest warrior and they all thirst for blood! No banshee or human leave this place alive tonight!"

Arraka starts laughing.

"Is that a fact, fatso?" she says.

Daren wastes no time and he rushes towards the captain, but the ogre was ready for him, and he hit him with his club as soon as he got within range. Daren instinctively placed his shield between himself and the ogre's weapon, but the force behind the hit was so great that it sent him flying into a nearby wall.

Hadrik is the next one who dashes towards the captain, and the ogre hits him with his club as well. The dwarf stops the weapon by putting his hands above his head, and the floor below them is beginning to crumble from the impact of the club's strike.


[17] 

As Kate, Rose and I hurry to reach Illuna's position, the ogre captain smashes his club into the ground and the floor begins to shatter.

I suddenly get a vision of the three of us reaching Illuna, and the floor crumbling below us, while the ground near the entrance of the room remains intact.

"Turn back!" I tell Kate and Rose. "I just got a premonition! This area is not safe! Turn back now!"

The three of us make a run for it, and we manage to get back to our original position right in the nick of time. Illuna, who wasn't completely convinced, waited until the very last moment, and then she jumped on a wall, using it to propel herself to our position before the floor crumbled beneath her feet.

"Well, what do you know," she says. "You were actually right."

"Daren!" Rose shouts, while looking down inside the chasm that had formed in the middle of the room.


[18] 



As Kate, Rose and I hurry to reach Illuna's position, the ogre captain smashes his club into the ground and the floor begins to shatter. 

I suddenly notice that the cracks from the floor are spreading throughout the entire middle area of the room, but not in the area that we just left.

"Turn back!" I tell Kate and Rose. "Look at the floor! This area is not safe! Turn back now!"

The three of us make a run for it, and we manage to get back to our original position right in the nick of time. Illuna, who wasn't completely convinced, waited until the very last moment, and then she jumped on a wall, using it to propel herself to our position before the floor crumbled beneath her feet.

"Well, what do you know," she says. "You were actually right."

"Daren!" Rose shouts, while looking down inside the chasm that had formed in the middle of the room.


[19] 



As Kate, Rose and I hurry to reach Illuna's position, the ogre captain smashes his club into the ground and the floor begins to shatter. 

We manage to reach the safe area before the floor crumbles beneath us, but the cracks in the floor are not stopping, and they're spreading at a fast rate all around us.

Something is wrong. Why would the ogres have fled to this area if it wasn't safe? Unless...

"Turn back!" I shout. "Turn back, now! We've been fooled! We need to--"

Before I get to finish my sentence, the whole floor collapses underneath us, and we all fall into the pit below. We died almost as soon as we reached the ground.


[20] "No!" I tell Rose and Kate. "Don't move! That's exactly what he wants us to do! Just stay where you are!"

The two of them hesitate for a second, but after looking me in the eye, they both decide to trust my judgment and stay behind with me.

"Seriously?" Illuna says, as the ogre captain smashes his club into the ground.

The floor starts to shatter, but as I predicted, the cracks in the ground stop forming right in front of us. It turns out that we were standing above one of the underground cave's walls, just like Hadrik and the ogre captain. Illuna reacts quickly by jumping on a wall, and using it to propel herself to our position before the floor crumbles beneath her feet.

"Well, what do you know," she says. "You were actually right."

"Daren!" Rose shouts, while looking down inside the chasm that had formed in the middle of the room.


[21] The beam that Daren is holding onto cracks loudly. He doesn't have much time left. Completely out of the blue, Illuna jumps past us and into the pit. She uses one of the wooden pillars to propel herself back towards the cave's wall, which she then uses to push herself further down into the pit, and back towards the wooden pillar. She jumps back and forth between the pillar and the wall a few times, until she finally reaches Daren's level. She then grabs the cave's wall with her left hand, and she extends her right hand towards Daren.

"Healer, grab my hand!" Illuna says.

"Like hell, I will!" Daren says.

The wooden beam cracks again. This time it looks like it's about to break.

"Healer, there's no time!" Illuna shouts. "Grab my damn hand!"

Daren looks at her hesitantly for a few seconds, but he doesn't get the time to think on it any further, because the wooden beam finally cracks under his weight, and he starts falling into the chasm. Illuna pushes herself into the wall with all her strength and jumps towards Daren, grabbing him with her right hand. As the two of them fall into the pit, they start shining brightly, and right before they reach the ground, they disappear and then reappear on the floor in front of us, safe and sound.

"No!" the ogre captain shouts, as he tries to smash Hadrik with his club again.


[22] The ogre captain suddenly stops attacking Hadrik, and he uses his club to guard his neck. Hadrik focuses all of his aura in his right fist, and he punches a hole through the ogre's chest armor, making the captain fall on his knees, drop his club, and start coughing up blood. Hadrik seizes the opportunity, grabs the ogre's club and throws it inside the chasm.

"Why?!" the ogre asks, as he coughs up more blood. "Why did go for chest instead of neck?! Wasn't secret technique supposed to aimed for weak point?"

Hadrik and Arraka both start laughing simultaneously.

"There was no secret technique, you moron!" Arraka says. "I only said that to make you panic and focus all of your defense on a single point."

"I guess it only took two of us to defeat you after all," Hadrik says, grinning. "Maybe you should have brought some real soldiers with you, instead of small fries."

"This not over yet, dwarf," the ogre says, and he coughs some more. "I'm going to crush your puny head, and--"

Hadrik doesn't let the ogre finish his threat, and he crushes his head between his hands. As the ogre's lifeless body drops to the ground, the dwarf jumps over to our side of the room, and grins at Arraka.

"That wasn't half bad for a spirit of joy and laughter," he tells her. "You've certainly earned your quota for the day for making me laugh to my heart's content."


[23] "How do you know that the caverns below us won't lead to a dead end?"

"We found a pretty detailed map of the tunnels in the ogres' library," Illuna says. "Arraka, do you think you can add it to the map of the fort?"

"Yeah, give me a second," Arraka says.

A few moments later, a new level gets added to the fort's hologram, showing us the layout of the underground tunnels in detail. The caverns appear indeed to have an exit, but there are several ogre mages stationed right in front of it.

"There are guards at the exit," Illuna says. "Good. That means that the tunnels are still being used to a certain extent, so there should be no cave-ins blocking our path." 

"How will we get down there with the scaffolding broken?" Kate asks.

"While I was falling earlier, I saw that there was another scaffolding right below the room beyond the wall on our right," Illuna says. "It appeared to be in good condition, so there should be no problem in climbing all the way down to the bottom of the mines."


[24] "How are we going to get all the way down there with the scaffolding broken?"

"While I was falling earlier, I saw that there was another scaffolding right below the room beyond the wall on our right," Illuna says. "It appeared to be in good condition, so there should be no problem in climbing all the way down to the bottom of the mines."

"Can't you just cast your teleportation spell from earlier?” Hadrik asks. “You know, the one you used to rescue Daren from the pit?”

"No, I can only cast that spell once a day," Illuna says. "It's the same for the golden cage spell I used to trap you when we entered the fort. That's why I didn't use it on those ogres while I was fighting them."

"So you could have still cast the teleportation spell now, if not for me..." Daren says.

"Yes, but the spell only allows me to teleport one other person with me so it wouldn’t have been of much use to us here,"  Illuna says. "Plus, it has very limited range, so it's not like I can use it for travel either. I rarely get the chance to use that spell, to be honest."

"How can we be sure that the underground mines won't just lead us to a dead end?" Kate asks.

"We found a pretty detailed map of the tunnels in the ogres' library," Illuna says. "Arraka, do you think you can add it to the map of the fort?"


[25] It took us a few minutes to climb down all of the ladders, but there were no incidents, and we all arrived safely at the bottom of the mines. The only source of light that we have at the moment is Arraka's hologram, but it's shining brighter than a torch, and the map of the tunnels is very exact, so there's no danger of us getting lost.

"I think one of the ogre mages that were accompanying the shaman just teleported near the ones guarding the tunnel exit," Kate says. "I saw one of the blue dots disappearing from above and another one appearing below."

"He was probably sent as a messenger to tell the other ogres to be on their guard," Illuna says.

"Yeah, they're turning invisible as we speak," Arraka says. "A lot of good that will do them!"

"But won't it be hard to fight them even with the map, while they are invisible?" Rose asks.

"The invisibility spell they are using cannot be maintained during combat," Illuna says. "They're only using it for the element of surprise. They'll be forced to reveal themselves once the fight begins. Arraka's right. This spell will do them no good whatsoever."

As we get closer to the exit, we see that the ogres in the fort are starting to flock towards the secret room, and some of them have already reached the scaffolding. The shaman's group seems to be heading that way as well.


[26] 

"Screw Arraka! We can't afford to waste any more time here."

"I agree," Daren says. "She can figure it out while we're on the move. Let's go."

As we get closer to our goal, I'm starting to get second thoughts about Arraka's warning. Maybe it would have been wiser to wait for a little while and hear what she had to say. We were far enough ahead of the ogres to afford wasting one minute of our time.

My thought process gets interrupted by a sudden explosion. I never got the chance to find out where it came from, because I died the very next second after the boom.


[27] 

"Screw Arraka! We can't afford to waste any more time here."

"I agree," Daren says. "She can figure it out while we're on the move. Let's go."

As we get closer to our goal, I suddenly get a vision of us walking straight into an explosion, and then being buried under a mass of rubble.

"Stop!" I shout immediately, and everyone gets frozen in place. "If we walk any further, we're going to get blown to bits!"

"Are you sure?" Hadrik asks me. 

"Yeah, there's no mistaking it," I say. "The vision I saw was very clear."

"I've got it!" Arraka says, all of a sudden. "There's a very powerful magical explosion trap right in front of us. Here, I'll highlight the area so you know where it is."

Soon after she's done talking, a small area in front of us gets covered in blue light.

"What are you talking about?" Daren says. "I'm not sensing any traps."


[28] "We could at least wait until the ogres reach the cave floor. They'll still need another five minutes to catch up to us after that, so we'll have plenty of time left to finish off the guards and exit the tunnels."

"Fine," Daren says. "But if she doesn't have an answer until then, we're making a run for it."

"I've got it!" Arraka says, after a while. "There's a very powerful magical explosion trap some two hundred feet ahead of our position. Keep going, I'll tell you when to stop."

"What are you talking about?" Daren says, as we all start going forward. "I'm not sensing any traps."

"That's because it's really well hidden," Arraka says. "I can barely sense any magic coming from it, but it's there. Here, I'll highlight the area so you know where it is."

Soon after she's done talking, a small area in front of us gets covered in blue light. When we get closer, Daren starts waving his sword in the air, as if he were trying to catch the light with it. 


[29] "Oh, don't be so modest, shaman," Arraka says, as she changes the blue dot corresponding to the shaman into a green color. "You must have had at least some idea of what was happening, otherwise you wouldn't have purposely taken the magical signature of one of your troops when you came down here, in order to trick my magical sense. What's that decoy that you left behind with your own magic signature, anyway? A clone?"

"No," the shaman says. "It's one of my followers, holding an artifact that copies my aura."

"Fascinating," Arraka says, as she changes the original green dot's color into blue.

"How did you find out where we were?" Illuna says.

"The captain and I had a telepathic link, which was meant to warn me once he left the realm of the living," the shaman says. "You're going to pay for this, you little traitor. My followers are going to turn you all into ashes."

He then raises his staff in the air, and the five other ogres step in front of him, casting fireballs in unison at us. Hadrik and Daren both step in front as well, in order to form our first line of defense. The dwarf focuses his aura in his fists, and he sends two of the fireballs right back at the ogres. Daren places his sword in front of him, absorbing the other three fireballs within it. He then slashes his flaming sword towards the ogres, and sends a powerful fire beam at them, which burns them into a crisp.


[30] "So, what's happening in the real world, right now? Does the shaman plan to kill us while we're trapped in here?"

"No," Illuna says. "Shaman rituals are different from other mind affecting spells. First of all, time flows differently in this place. A year spent in this world amounts to only one second in the real world. Secondly, the shaman is also trapped in here with us."

"So, what's the purpose, then?" Hadrik says. "Isn't this like some sort of dream? Aren't we just going to wake up once we die?"

"You may not be familiar with these types of spells, since they aren't all that common on the other continents," Illuna says, "but this isn't anything like a dream. You can feel pain, you can concentrate without waking up, and if you die in here, you die in the real world as well. What's actually happening is that our souls from the ethereal plane are no longer directly connected to the earthen plane, but to another pocket universe from the ethereal plane. In order to reattach our souls to our bodies, we'd need to close our eyes, think about the last moments before we were transported here, get a clear image of those caverns into our heads and then focus on it, with the conviction that the image in our heads represents the real world, while the world we are standing in is only an illusion. The image in our heads would then slowly start to become more vivid, until it would eventually replace the world in front of our eyes."

"And in order to get out of here, we would all need to do that?" Daren asks. "Including the shaman?"


[31] "How do we get out of here?"

"Isn't this like some sort of dream?" Hadrik says. "Can't we just pinch ourselves in order to wake up?"

"You may not be familiar with these types of spells, since they aren't all that common on the other continents," Illuna says, "but this isn't anything like a dream. You can feel pain, you can concentrate without waking up, and if you die in here, you die in the real world as well. What's actually happening is that our souls from the ethereal plane are no longer directly connected to the earthen plane, but to another pocket universe from the ethereal plane. In order to reattach our souls to our bodies, we'd need to close our eyes, think about the last moments before we were transported here, get a clear image of those caverns into our heads and then focus on it, with the conviction that the image in our heads represents the real world, while the world we are standing in is only an illusion. The image in our heads would then slowly start to become more vivid, until it would eventually replace the world in front of our eyes."


[32] As the fog disappears completely, we see that there are several pairs of red eyes shining in the dark depths of the forest, and we start to hear several low continuous growls as the creatures are getting closer. When they come out of the woods, we learn that they are in fact wolves, though they are at least three times the size of normal ones, and their fur is as black as coal.

Five of them start running towards our group, while Daren and Hadrik step in front of us and assume their battle stances. Three of the wolves go right for them, but the other two circle around and go for Kate and Illuna instead. Daren defended himself with his shield from one wolf, while he sliced the other's head clean off. Hadrik punched the third wolf in its mouth and sent three of its fangs flying, as the animal squealed in pain.

Kate was waiting for the beast with her dagger in hand. The animal dashed towards her, but she managed to get behind it in the blink of an eye, and she slit its throat with a single motion, as her hands got drenched in the wolf's blood. The look in her eyes changed completely when she started fighting the wolf. She's always had a sort of feral look about her, but this was more than that. This wasn't her just being ruthless or efficient. Those were the eyes of a beast hunting its prey. This must be why she was able to survive alone in a jungle at the age of twelve, before she even had any magic. In order to avoid being hunted, she was forced to become the hunter instead.


[33] 

"I volunteer for the job," I say. "I should be able to handle the shaman by myself if he can only cast spells from his staff."

"Are you sure?" Daren says.

"We don't know how many wolves are going to come out of that forest," I say. "You and Hadrik should both stay here in case things get really bad. I'll try to end this as quickly as possible. Wish me luck."

I then start running towards the woods, in the direction of the shaman's footsteps. As I enter the forest, I start to slow down my pace, making sure that there are no traps or ambushes set up ahead of me. 

The footsteps have been leading me in the same direction since I started following them, and there have been no obstacles of any kind in my path since I walked into the woods. Could it be that the shaman was too busy getting as far away as possible from the wolves to lay down any kind of traps?

I start to pick up my pace, while at the same time trying to remain as vigilant as possible. When it looks as if I am finally starting to catch up with the shaman, I hide behind a tree, and then I take a good long look ahead of me. The trail of footsteps ends abruptly, in the middle of the snow, and there is no one in sight. He must still be invisible. But why isn't he moving? Did he see me before I hid behind the tree?


[34] 



"I volunteer for the job," I say. "I should be able to handle the shaman by myself if he can only cast spells from his staff."

"Are you sure?" Daren says.

"We don't know how many wolves are going to come out of that forest," I say. "You and Hadrik should both stay here in case things get really bad. I'll try to end this as quickly as possible. Wish me luck."

I then start running towards the woods, in the direction of the shaman's footsteps. As I enter the forest, I start to slow down my pace, making sure that there are no traps or ambushes set up ahead of me. 

The footsteps have been leading me in the same direction since I started following them, and there have been no obstacles of any kind in my path since I walked into the woods. Could it be that the shaman was too busy getting as far away as possible from the wolves to lay down any kind of traps?


[35] 



"I volunteer for the job," I say. "I should be able to handle the shaman by myself if he can only cast spells from his staff."

"Are you sure?" Daren says.

"We don't know how many wolves are going to come out of that forest," I say. "You and Hadrik should both stay here in case things get really bad. I'll try to end this as quickly as possible. Wish me luck."

I then start running towards the woods, in the direction of the shaman's footsteps. As I enter the forest, I start to slow down my pace, making sure that there are no traps or ambushes set up ahead of me. 

The footsteps have been leading me in the same direction since I started following them, and there have been no obstacles of any kind in my path since I walked into the woods. Could it be that the shaman was too busy getting as far away as possible from the wolves to lay down any kind of traps?


[36] 

His staff takes too long to charge up, and I manage to stick my knife in his chest. The shaman spits out blood, and as I prepare to land the finishing blow, the world suddenly starts spinning around me, and then I soon find myself standing in the middle of a cave again, with all of my friends besides me. They also seem to have just woken up, because they are now looking around themselves to confirm that we are indeed back in the abandoned mines below the ogre fort.

Before I get the time to fully regain my senses, a bright green light envelops Illuna, and then it disappears almost as quickly as it appeared. The shaman then starts laughing hoarsely, before coughing some blood on the cave's floor.

"This is the end, banshee," the shaman says, as he coughs some more. "For both of us. That spell I just cast on you was a curse of death. A shamanic spell that kills both the caster and its target. You likely have less than an hour left to live. My life was forfeited the moment I managed to get myself cornered within my own shaman ritual, but at least now I'll get the satisfaction of dragging the traitor who started all of this mess to the underworld with me!"

He then laughs hoarsely again, and he starts to turn into ashes.

"Damn it!" Hadrik says, as he jumps towards the shaman, but all he gets to punch are his ashes, which are now slowly piling up on the floor of the caverns.


[37] 



Just as I reach him, I hear a very loud screeching sound and a semi-transparent barrier gets raised around him, which stops my dagger within inches of reaching him. The shaman grins maliciously at me, and then he starts charging up his staff again. 

He clearly thinks that I can't get through his barrier without using magic. I wonder why that is? I've studied many books about barriers in my life and this one definitely doesn't look like it's impervious to physical attacks. In any case, I don't have the time to think this through. I'll use my full strength and try to get past his barrier before he finishes charging up his staff.

I raise my arm and I put as much force behind my blow as I possibly can. When my dagger hits the barrier, I start feeling a strong vibration for about a second, but then the whole thing shatters just like a dome made of glass, and I manage to stab the shaman in the chest before he could cast his offensive spell. The shaman spits out blood, and as I prepare to land the finishing blow, the world suddenly starts spinning around me, and then I soon find myself standing in the middle of a cave again, with all of my friends besides me. They also seem to have just woken up, because they are now looking around themselves to confirm that we are indeed back in the abandoned mines below the ogre fort.


[38] 



Just as I reach him, I hear a very loud screeching sound and a semi-transparent barrier gets raised around him, which stops my dagger within inches of reaching him. The shaman grins maliciously at me, and then he starts charging up his staff again. 

He clearly thinks that I can't get through his barrier without using magic. I wonder why that is? I've studied many books about barriers in my life and this one definitely doesn't look like it's impervious to physical attacks. In any case, I don't have the time to think this through. I'll use my full strength and try to get past his barrier before he finishes charging up his staff.

I raise my arm and I put as much force behind my blow as I possibly can. When my dagger hits the barrier, I start feeling a strong vibration, and after a few seconds, my hand gets repelled with a force similar to the one behind my strike. My dagger flies from my hand, and before I have the time to go back and get it, the shaman finishes charging up his staff, while his whole barrier explodes outwards, with a powerful wave of light, obliterating anything in its path. The last thing I got to see before I died was the light enveloping me, as I felt the flesh and meat being burned off my bones.


[39] "I'll go," Hadrik says. "I'm the fastest among us, and I should be able to handle the shaman without much trouble, once I find him."

"Good," Daren says. "We'll hold the wolves off here. Go, go, go!"

The dwarf dashes towards the forest, and within moments he disappears behind the trees. Meanwhile, the wolves seem to have gotten bolder, because they are now starting to come out of the woods in greater numbers than before. After advancing slowly and carefully for a while, all of the wolves suddenly start running towards us at the same time, as if they'd received a signal to attack. 

The battle begins quickly, and Daren kills three of the wolves with a single slash of his sword. Four of the other wolves have already started chasing Illuna, who is avoiding them to the best of her ability. As the fight goes on, I notice that Rose is being surprisingly calm, given the situation. She makes sure that she is always in Daren's range, so that he can defend her, but at the same time she tries to stay out of his way as much as possible. 

I can't just stand around and do nothing. I pull out my dagger and jump at one of the wolves, trying to stick my knife in its throat.


[40] 

The wolf jumps out of my way effortlessly, and then it almost immediately dashes back at me with its fangs bared. Before it gets the chance to sink its teeth in my skin, I see a dagger passing through its head, and the beast falls lifeless on the ground soon afterwards. Kate pulls out her dagger from the wolf's head, and she gives me an accusatory look.

"If you aren't used to dealing with wild animals, you should stay out of this and leave the fighting to the rest of us," Kate says. "These beasts won't show you any mercy."

She then gets behind another wolf, and she sticks her knife into the back of its head, killing it instantly. 

While we were busy fighting, Illuna had gotten herself cornered by three of the wolves. She has her back pinned against a big rock, and the wolves are closing in on her, preparing to strike.


[41] 

I succeed in taking it by surprise, as I cut its throat and then quickly remove my knife, while the beast takes a few more steps and then falls on the ground in a pool of its own blood. At the same time, Kate gets behind another wolf, and she sticks her knife into the back of its head, killing it instantly.  

While we were busy fighting, Illuna had gotten herself cornered by three of the wolves. She has her back pinned against a big rock, and the wolves are closing in on her, preparing to strike.

"Illuna, catch!" Kate shouts, and she throws the banshee her dagger.

Illuna catches it from the air, and she quickly slides below one of the wolves, holding her dagger with both hands, and splitting the beast's belly in half as she passed beneath it. She then jumps on the back of another wolf, and she sticks her knife in the back of its neck. As the animal falls, she jumps off it, landing with a quick roll, and then she stabs the last of the wolves in its right eye. The banshee doesn't get any chance to rest, because four other wolves are already coming her way.

In the meantime, three of the wolves have managed to get past Daren, and are now steadily approaching me and Kate. 


[42] 

"Here, take this," I tell Kate as I hand her my dagger. "You'll probably put it to better use than me. I'll try to provide support by throwing rocks at the wolves."

"Understood," she says, curtly, as she takes my weapon.

Kate then starts walking slowly towards the three wolves. When she gets close enough, she dashes to her right, in order to confuse the animals, and then she runs her knife through one of the wolves' heads. After pulling out her dagger from the beast's skull, she rushes towards the other and kills it as well, with a swift strike of her blade. I see that the third wolf is about to catch Kate off her guard, so I quickly throw a rock at it, aiming for its head. 

The rock was too fast for the wolf to manage to get out of its way in time, and the force behind the boulder was so great that it completely smashed the wolf's head on impact.

All of a sudden, the whole world starts spinning around me, and then I soon find myself standing in the middle of a cave again, with all of my friends besides me. They also seem to have just woken up, because they are now looking around themselves to confirm that we are indeed back in the abandoned mines below the ogre fort. 

At last, the illusion is broken! Hadrik must have found the shaman and forced him to cancel his spell!


[43] 

"Here, take this," I tell Kate as I hand her my dagger. "You'll probably put it to better use than me. I'll try to provide support by throwing rocks at the wolves."

"Understood," she says, curtly, as she takes my weapon.

Kate then starts walking slowly towards the three wolves. When she gets close enough, she dashes to her right, in order to confuse the animals, and then she runs her knife through one of the wolves' heads. After pulling out her dagger from the beast's skull, she rushes towards the other and kills it as well, with a swift strike of her blade. I see that the third wolf is about to catch Kate off her guard, so I quickly throw a rock at it, aiming for its head. 

The wolf manages to get out of the rock's way, but it loses its momentum, which gives Kate the opportunity to dash towards it and finish it off with one clean strike.

All of a sudden, the whole world starts spinning around me, and then I soon find myself standing in the middle of a cave again, with all of my friends besides me. They also seem to have just woken up, because they are now looking around themselves to confirm that we are indeed back in the abandoned mines below the ogre fort. 

At last, the illusion is broken! Hadrik must have found the shaman and forced him to cancel his spell!


[44] 

I rush towards one of the wolves, and I slit its throat before it has a chance to react. One of the other two lunges for me, but I dash out of its way, and circle around the third wolf in order to stab it in the back of its neck. Once I kill my second wolf, the last one standing pounces towards me again, but I step to the side and run my knife through its skull.

All of a sudden, the whole world starts spinning around me, and then I soon find myself standing in the middle of a cave again, with all of my friends besides me. They also seem to have just woken up, because they are now looking around themselves to confirm that we are indeed back in the abandoned mines below the ogre fort. 

At last, the illusion is broken! Hadrik must have found the shaman and forced him to cancel his spell!

Before I get the time to fully regain my senses, a bright green light envelops Illuna, and then it disappears almost as quickly as it appeared. The shaman then starts laughing hoarsely, before coughing some blood on the cave's floor.

"This is the end, banshee," the shaman says, as he coughs some more. "For both of us. That spell I just cast on you was a curse of death. A shamanic spell that kills both the caster and its target. You likely have less than an hour left to live. My life was forfeited the moment I managed to get myself cornered within my own shaman ritual, but at least now I'll get the satisfaction of dragging the traitor who started all of this mess to the underworld with me!"


[45] 



I rush towards one of the wolves, but this time, instead of going directly for its throat, I start with a feint. The wolf instinctively jumps back, and then it dashes right back at me, except this time I was waiting for it, so I stabbed it in the eye with my knife.

One of the other wolves tries to bite my right leg from behind, but I react in time and turn to face it, while at the same time pulling my leg out of its range. The beast lunges for me, but my reflexes allow me to step out of its way and at the same time launch a counter-attack. While the creature is still trying to regain its balance, I run my knife through its head, and then I turn around to face my last enemy. I know full well that I am not fast enough to be able to harm it if I am the one that attacks, so I let the wolf come to me instead. As it rushes towards me, I wait until the last moment and I step to the side, while at the same time sticking my knife in the back of its head.

All of a sudden, the whole world starts spinning around me, and then I soon find myself standing in the middle of a cave again, with all of my friends besides me. They also seem to have just woken up, because they are now looking around themselves to confirm that we are indeed back in the abandoned mines below the ogre fort. 

At last, the illusion is broken! Hadrik must have found the shaman and forced him to cancel his spell!


[46] 



I rush towards one of the wolves, but this time, instead of going directly for its throat, I start with a feint. The wolf instinctively jumps back, and then it dashes right back at me, except this time I was waiting for it, so I stabbed it in the eye with my knife.

One of the other wolves seizes the opportunity and bites my right leg from behind. I try to turn around and stab it, but the creature pulls on my leg while holding it with its teeth, and it makes me fall on my back. I try to get up, but the beast jumps on me and pins me down. The last thing I saw before I died was the image of its sharp fangs, as they slowly descended towards my face. 


[47] "Here," I tell Kate as I hand her my dagger. "I'm sure you can make better use of this than me."

"I will," she says, curtly, as she takes my weapon.

Kate then starts walking slowly towards the three wolves. When she gets close enough, she dashes to her right, in order to confuse the animals, and then she runs her knife through one of the wolves' heads. After pulling out her dagger from the beast's skull, she rushes towards the other and kills it as well, with a swift strike of her blade. The third wolf manages to hurt Kate's right leg with one of its claws, but it gets killed as well, soon afterwards. Kate then quickly rips off one of her blouse's sleeves and she uses it to tie it around her thigh in order to stop the bleeding.

All of a sudden, the whole world starts spinning around me, and then I soon find myself standing in the middle of a cave again, with all of my friends besides me. They also seem to have just woken up, because they are now looking around themselves to confirm that we are indeed back in the abandoned mines below the ogre fort. 

At last, the illusion is broken! Hadrik must have found the shaman and forced him to cancel his spell!


[48] "My apologies," she says. "I nearly forgot that you wanted to have me purified. Well, here I am. Give it your best shot. With a little luck, after you kill me, you might be able to wake Flower up from her stasis so that she can say her goodbyes."

"Shut up," Daren says, as he readies his sword.

"Daren, no!" Rose shouts, as Daren sticks his sword into Illuna's right leg.

A bright white light surrounds the banshee for a few seconds, and then a green smoke starts to come out of her, which evaporates into thin air soon afterwards.

"You..." Illuna says, in a state of complete shock. "What did you..."

"I broke the curse," Daren says. "I am both a white mage and an enchanter, remember? It's only natural that my sword can do something as trivial as dispelling an ordinary death curse, without requiring me to use magic. This makes us even. You saved my life and I saved yours. Now we can move on with our lives and never speak of these events ever again."

"...Agreed," Illuna says, after a while, and she uses her healing magic to patch up her wound.

"Illuna, thank the gods!!!" Rose says, as she comes to give her a big hug. "You're going to be okay now, right? There are no other curses?"

"No..." Illuna says, looking a little flustered. "No other curses as far as I can tell. There's still the matter of the hordes of ogres approaching us, though..."


[49] "Let them be," I say. "We shouldn't be wasting any more time here. We already got what we came for. Even if they decide to ambush us, Arraka can still detect them, so it's not like they'll be taking us by surprise."

"Aye," Hadrik says. "The sooner we get out of here, the better. Let's get going!"

As soon as we're all agreed to ignore the two ogres, we head towards the forest, in order to retrieve our backpacks.

Once we dig up all of our belongings, we waste no time and we begin our long journey back to the sacred woods ruins. We've been keeping a relatively fast pace for the first hour, in order to make sure that we put enough distance between ourselves and the ogres, but after confirming several times that we weren't being followed, we started to slow down a bit. The sun had already set when we left the stronghold, but there were many stars in the sky, and the moon was almost full, so we decided to keep going until we were comfortable enough with the distance between ourselves and the ogres' territory.

"Healer,' Illuna says, as we walk through the woods. "After I released you from your cell, you promised that you wouldn't attack me until we escaped the fort. Now that we're at a safe enough distance from the ogres, you are no longer bound by that promise. Should I start to prepare my defenses?"

"No, I..." Daren starts to say, but he pauses. "I don't really feel like fighting anymore today..."

"I see," Illuna says, eying him suspiciously.


[50] "Let them be," I say. "We shouldn't be wasting any more time here. We already got what we came for. Even if they decide to ambush us, Arraka can still detect them, so it's not like they'll be taking us by surprise."

"Aye," Hadrik says. "The sooner we get out of here, the better. Let's get going!"

As soon as we're all agreed to ignore the two ogres, we head towards the forest, in order to retrieve our backpacks.

Once we dig up all of our belongings and Illuna heals Kate's leg injury, we waste no time and we begin our long journey back to the sacred woods ruins. We've been keeping a relatively fast pace for the first hour, in order to make sure that we put enough distance between ourselves and the ogres, but after confirming several times that we weren't being followed, we started to slow down a bit. The sun had already set when we left the stronghold, but there were many stars in the sky, and the moon was almost full, so we decided to keep going until we were comfortable enough with the distance between ourselves and the ogres' territory.

"Healer,' Illuna says, as we walk through the woods. "After I released you from your cell, you promised that you wouldn't attack me until we escaped the fort. Now that we're at a safe enough distance from the ogres, you are no longer bound by that promise. Should I start to prepare my defenses?"

"No, I..." Daren starts to say, but he pauses. "I don't really feel like fighting anymore today..."

"I see," Illuna says, eying him suspiciously.


[51] "I think it's better to get rid of them," I say. "If we let them live, they'll see which way we went and tell the other ogres when they get out of the mines."

"Maybe you're right," Daren says. "One can never be too careful. Let's get this done real quick and then head for our backpacks."

We follow Arraka's directions and reach the two ogres in less than a minute. When they saw that we'd discovered them, the ogres dismissed their invisibility spell and tried to attack us with their clubs, but Illuna beheaded them both with a single motion of her water whip, and then we all went back and headed towards the place where we'd buried our backpacks.

Once we dig up all of our belongings, we waste no time and we begin our long journey back to the sacred woods ruins. We've been keeping a relatively fast pace for the first hour, in order to make sure that we put enough distance between ourselves and the ogres, but after confirming several times that we weren't being followed, we started to slow down a bit. The sun had already set when we left the stronghold, but there were many stars in the sky, and the moon was almost full, so we decided to keep going until we were comfortable enough with the distance between ourselves and the ogres' territory.


[52] "I think it's better to get rid of them," I say. "If we let them live, they'll see which way we went and tell the other ogres when they get out of the mines."

"Maybe you're right," Daren says. "One can never be too careful. Let's get this done real quick and then head for our backpacks."

We follow Arraka's directions and reach the two ogres in less than a minute. When they saw that we'd discovered them, the ogres dismissed their invisibility spell and tried to attack us with their clubs, but Illuna beheaded them both with a single motion of her water whip, and then we all went back and headed towards the place where we'd buried our backpacks.

Once we dig up all of our belongings and Illuna heals Kate's leg injury, we waste no time and we begin our long journey back to the sacred woods ruins. We've been keeping a relatively fast pace for the first hour, in order to make sure that we put enough distance between ourselves and the ogres, but after confirming several times that we weren't being followed, we started to slow down a bit. The sun had already set when we left the stronghold, but there were many stars in the sky, and the moon was almost full, so we decided to keep going until we were comfortable enough with the distance between ourselves and the ogres' territory.


[53] "I'm so glad that we didn't run into any mages since we left the ruins!" Rose says, trying to change the subject. "It would have taken us a lot longer to complete our mission if we'd kept encountering people who attacked Kate out of the blue."

"Why are they attacking you, specifically?" Illuna asks Kate. "Aren't most people in  this group part of the same tournament?"

"Yes, but I'm the only one here who gets mistaken for a banshee," Kate says. "Flower tried to teach me how to suppress my aura well enough to pass as a normal human, but I just couldn't keep up with her."

"That girl has extraordinary talent when it comes to learning these things herself, but she is a very poor teacher," Illuna says. "The technique in itself isn't that difficult to master. You only need a little guidance to learn the basics. For instance, a good starting point would be to practice calming the flow of your aura first. Here, let me show you how it's done."

Illuna spent the next two hours teaching Kate how to suppress her aura, step by step, while we kept marching towards the ruins. By the time she was done, I could see that they'd made enormous progress. Kate's magical aura was barely noticeable when she suppressed it now, and you could very well confuse her with a normal human if you didn't examine her closely. The lessons Illuna provided were interesting enough that even Hadrik and I joined in mid-way, and we both spent more than half an hour doing various exercises suggested by her to help us hide our auras from enemies.


[54] Since nobody else offered, I told Hadrik that I'd share one drink with him before taking my shift. He pulled out two bottles of dwarven ale from his backpack, and then we went to sit ourselves down on two rocks that were facing each other, away from the tents.

"When giants make a toast, they first spill a bit of ale on the ground, to also give the warriors fallen in battle something to drink," Hadrik says, as he opens our two bottles. "I always get in trouble when I do this in dwarven taverns, so it's refreshing to do it outside for a change."

He raises his bottle.

"A toast!" he says. "For retrieving the chalice and coming one step closer to removing these blasted contraptions from our necks!"

We clink the two bottles and then we both spill a bit of ale on the ground, before starting to drink. This is the first time I've tasted anything like this. I felt a strong burning sensation as the ale went down my throat, and I'm already starting to feel a little dizzy. This doesn't even compare to the strongest drinks available in taverns from the Western Continent.

"First time drinking dwarven ale?" Hadrik asks with a grin, as he sees the expression on my face.

"Yeah," I say. "I knew this was supposed to be strong, but I guess I didn't expect it to be this much stronger than anything else I've drunk before." 


[55] "Aye," Hadrik says. "This is why I spend so much of my time in the dwarven lands. Plus, the locals are really nice. Most of the tavern owners know that I'm a giant in disguise, but they welcome me with open arms, regardless. Part of that is probably because they'd be losing a quarter of their monthly profit if they'd stop receiving me, but still!"

"Are giants not usually welcome in dwarven lands?" 

"Well, it's nothing official, but many of the dwarves don't really love us giants very much. There's a pretty bloody history between our two peoples, and even though we are at peace now, old grudges still remain. It also doesn't help when some smartass giant decides to go on a rampage in the middle of dwarven territory, just to satisfy his inferiority complex. Most of these troublemakers have been dealt with by our own warriors, but they usually get to do a lot of damage before they're caught, and it's not like the lives they've taken can just be brought back again."

He pauses a bit to take a drink from his bottle.

"But enough about politics," he says. "We should be discussing more important matters. Like for example, what's going on between you and Rose? Is it just me, or have you two been getting a little closer in these past two days?"


[56] "Not at all. What makes you say that?"

"Well, I kinda got that feeling after seeing the two of you together yesterday night," Hadrik says. "But maybe I was wrong. I guess Rose isn't your type, then? Do you perhaps prefer the wilder types, like Kate?"

"Forget Rose and Kate," I say. "What I think we all want to know is what's going on between you and Arraka! Have you proposed to her yet?"

The dwarf laughs.

"Now you're asking the right questions!" he says, and he takes another drink from his bottle. "I've been meaning to do it, but I just couldn't find the right moment! I'm still thinking of an excuse to give Flower or Illuna to lend me the amulet for a while so that the two of us can have some quality time alone together."

He pauses, and we both take another drink.


[57] "I guess you could say that."  

 "Hah, I knew it!" the dwarf says. "I thought there might be something going on when I saw the two of you together yesterday night, but I wasn't really sure!"

"Well, it's nothing official, so I'd appreciate it if you kept this conversation between you and me."

"No worries there, lad," Hadrik says, with a grin. "I know that I may look like the big mouth type, but when it comes to sensible matters like these, I assure you that I can be the soul of discretion!"

"Leaving Rose aside, though," I say, "I think what we all want to know is what's going on between you and Arraka! Have you proposed to her yet?"

The dwarf laughs.

"Now you're asking the right questions!" he says, and he takes another drink from his bottle. "I've been meaning to do it, but I just couldn't find the right moment! I'm still thinking of an excuse to give Flower or Illuna to lend me the amulet for a while so that the two of us can have some quality time alone together."

He pauses, and we both take another drink.


[58] "We have been getting closer, but not in the way you might think."

"Oh, I get it!" Hadrik says. "So I'm guessing you're not all that interested in Rose, then. Could it be that you prefer the wilder types, like Kate?"

"Forget Rose and Kate," I say. "What I think we all want to know is what's going on between you and Arraka! Have you proposed to her yet?"

The dwarf laughs.

"Now you're asking the right questions!" he says, and he takes another drink from his bottle. "I've been meaning to do it, but I just couldn't find the right moment! I'm still thinking of an excuse to give Flower or Illuna to lend me the amulet for a while so that the two of us can have some quality time alone together."

He pauses, and we both take another drink.


[59] "But in all seriousness, though," Hadrik says, "if it hadn't been for her intervention earlier today, I'm not sure how well I would have handled myself against that ogre captain. I have no doubts that she'd kill me without hesitation if she ever got out of that amulet, but I guess I do owe her one for now. I've never really had to work together with others to take care of my enemies before. I usually travel and fight alone, so I'm not really used to these kinds of things, but I'll admit that being part of a group has been a nice change of pace for me. To be perfectly honest, I didn't really come to this tournament to win the Magium. I came here for the experience, mostly, and I'd say it's been going pretty well, so far! What about you, Barry? What are your plans in case you actually win this tournament?"

"Well, I'm going to use the Magium to become a mage."

"Yeah, I got that, but I mean afterwards. What do you plan to do after you've become a mage?"


[60] "I want to start going on adventures!"

Hadrik laughs.

"That's the spirit!" he says. "I'm sure you're going to love the adventuring life! If you're ever out of ideas, or you just need some information about places to go, hit me up! Assuming that we both make it out of here alive, of course!"

"If you're looking for more adventures after finishing the tournament, you could always come back to Varathia!" I hear Rose's voice coming from behind me. "I could write a formal invitation for you, which would make it a lot easier for you to return!"

Hadrik grins, as he looks at Rose.

"Should I take it that you've finally changed your mind and decided to join us?" he says. "I've got many more bottles of ale stashed up in my backpack so there's no need for you to hold back!"

"Actually, no," Rose says. "I only came here because I had a few things to say to Barry before going to sleep!"

"Say no more!" Hadrik says, and he gets up from his rock. "Please, take my seat! I was just about to go back to my tent."

He then raises his bottle again.

"Cheers, Barry!" he says, as we both clink our bottles once more, and then we chug down the last of our ale.


[61] "I want to gain fame and glory!"

"Fame and glory, eh?" Hadrik says. "Well, you'll most certainly become famous if you win this tournament without being a mage, that's for sure! As for the glory, you're going to have a lot of competition in this area, since there will be many experienced mages you'll be going up against, but I'm sure you'll find a way to come out on top eventually!"

"I don't think that Barry has anything to worry about," I hear Rose's voice coming from behind me. "He's always found a way to succeed against all odds until now, so I don't see why that should stop after the tournament!"

Hadrik grins, as he looks at Rose.

"Should I take it that you've finally changed your mind and decided to join us?" he says. "I've got many more bottles of ale stashed up in my backpack so there's no need for you to hold back!"

"Actually, no," Rose says. "I only came here because I had a few things to say to Barry before going to sleep!"

"Say no more!" Hadrik says, and he gets up from his rock. "Please, take my seat! I was just about to go back to my tent."

He then raises his bottle again.

"Cheers, Barry!" he says, as we both clink our bottles once more, and then we chug down the last of our ale.


[62] "I want to use my magic to help people."

"Helping people, eh?" Hadrik says. "That sounds a lot like something Daren would say. I hadn't really pegged you as the do-gooder type, but then again I might have gotten the wrong first impression! Helping people is all well and good, but you should take care to not overdo it. You should never start completely putting aside your needs and desires for the sake of others, or you'll risk ending up as boring as Daren!"

"Now, that's just mean!" I hear Rose's voice coming from behind me. "What would Daren say if he heard you talk about him like that?"

"Well, it's not like I've been keeping my opinion of him a secret," Hadrik says. "Plus, that doesn't mean that I don't respect him, or anything, it's just that him and I aren't all that compatible, personality-wise. In fact, you'd probably find out that his opinion of me isn't that stellar either, if you'd ask him directly. But enough about that! You've come here to join us, I hope? I've got many more bottles of ale stashed up in my backpack so there's no need for you to hold back!"

"Actually, no," Rose says. "I only came here because I had a few things to say to Barry before going to sleep!"

"Say no more!" Hadrik says, and he gets up from his rock. "Please, take my seat! I was just about to go back to my tent."

He then raises his bottle again.

"Cheers, Barry!" he says, as we both clink our bottles once more, and then we chug down the last of our ale.


[63] "I want to conquer the world!"

"Is that so?" the dwarf says, with a grin. "Then maybe I should hold off on my proposal to Arraka for the time being. It pains me to let her go like this, but the two of you would make a much better couple!"

"Barry, you never told me that you fancied Arraka!" I hear Rose's voice coming from behind me. "I could talk with Illuna to give you some time alone with her to confess your feelings if you want!"

"That's very kind of you," I say, as I turn towards her, "but I'd rather do things at my own pace, for now. I'm very shy, and I might end up ruining the moment if it's just me and her!"

Hadrik grins, as he looks at Rose.

"Should I take it that you've finally changed your mind and decided to join us?" he says. "I've got many more bottles of ale stashed up in my backpack so there's no need for you to hold back!"

"Actually, no," Rose says. "I only came here because I had a few things to say to Barry before going to sleep!"

"Say no more!" Hadrik says, and he gets up from his rock. "Please, take my seat! I was just about to go back to my tent."

He then raises his bottle again.

"Cheers, Barry!" he says, as we both clink our bottles once more, and then we chug down the last of our ale.


[64] "I'm just in it for the money."

"I'm finding that a bit hard to believe!" Hadrik says with a grin. "Even if you do end up winning the tournament, this seems like a really roundabout way of doing things if you're just aiming to become rich. I think there's a little more to this than you're letting on!"

"I don't think that Barry really thought so far ahead, Hadrik," I hear Rose's voice coming from behind me. "He's probably only going to seriously think about it after he's become a mage."

"Aye," Hadrik says. "That's what I'm guessing, as well. So, should I take it that you've finally decided to join us? I've got many more bottles of ale stashed up in my backpack so there's no need for you to hold back!"

"Actually, no," Rose says. "I only came here because I had a few things to say to Barry before going to sleep!"

"Say no more!" Hadrik says, and he gets up from his rock. "Please, take my seat! I was just about to go back to my tent."

He then raises his bottle again.

"Cheers, Barry!" he says, as we both clink our bottles once more, and then we chug down the last of our ale.


[65] "I haven't really thought about that, yet."

Hadrik laughs.

"I thought that might be the case!" he says. "Well, there's no need to worry about it now. You'll figure it out when the time comes!"

"I completely agree!" I hear Rose's voice coming from behind me. "If becoming a mage was important enough for Barry to risk coming here, then he should focus all of his energy on accomplishing his goal, and worry about the details afterwards! He can decide what he wants to do with his powers after he gets them."

Hadrik grins, as he looks at Rose.

"Should I take it that you've finally changed your mind and decided to join us?" he says. "I've got many more bottles of ale stashed up in my backpack so there's no need for you to hold back!"

"Actually, no," Rose says. "I only came here because I had a few things to say to Barry before going to sleep!"

"Say no more!" Hadrik says, and he gets up from his rock. "Please, take my seat! I was just about to go back to my tent."

He then raises his bottle again.

"Cheers, Barry!" he says, as we both clink our bottles once more, and then we chug down the last of our ale.


[66] Since nobody really felt like drinking tonight, we decided to postpone the celebration for another day.

While I was getting ready to take my shift, Rose came to me and started to speak in a low voice, while making sure that Daren couldn't hear us.

"Barry, listen closely," she says. "I think you might have already realized by now that Kate, Hadrik and I had a little discussion before voting for you and Daren to take the first night shift. I'm sorry that we didn't invite you as well, but someone needed to stay with Daren so that he wouldn't get suspicious."

"Yeah, I kind of figured that something was wrong when I saw how well in sync you three were," I say. "So, what's this all about, then?"

"Well, you know how Illuna said that Flower still needs to remain in stasis until at least tomorrow evening?"

"Yeah, I remember."


[67] "The thing is that Illuna hasn't slept at all since before her shift last night, and I'm starting to get a bit worried. I think she's afraid that Daren will kill her in her sleep if he sees her vulnerable, and she no longer has Flower to protect her while she's not awake. She probably only continued to travel with us because she would be in much more danger alone than in a group, considering all of the powerful mages roaming around the continent right now and the fact that she is too tired to keep suppressing her aura until tomorrow."

"So you want me to keep Daren busy while you and Kate try to convince her to take a nap?"

"Yes, that's why I persuaded Hadrik to say that two of his tents are unusable, so that Kate and I could sleep in the same tent as Illuna. I think we can get her to fall asleep if we promise that Kate will keep an eye on Arraka's amulet to see if she tries to escape again."

I sigh.

"I know that Daren isn't always the sharpest tool in the shed," I say, "but I think you're underestimating him a little. I would be surprised if he didn't already figure out your plan..."


[68] "Took you long enough," he tells me as I sit myself on the grass beside him. "Did Rose tell you to keep me busy while they try to put the banshee to sleep?"

So he really did have it all figured out.

"Yeah," I say. "She just finished giving me the briefing."

Daren sighs, as he slowly stops polishing his sword.

"Listen, Barry," he says. "I realize that I've been a bit of an ass lately. Even more so than usual. And for what it's worth, I'm sorry..."

Hearing Daren give me a heartfelt apology is feeling about as natural as seeing a fire elemental bathe in a mountain spring. However, he does appear to be sincere about this.

"It's okay," I tell him. "Don't worry about it!"

"No, it's not okay," Daren says. "I've been stubbornly hanging onto the idea that banshees cannot possibly be trustworthy, and I was almost willing to start a fight with you because of it. Even after clear evidence had been presented to me of the contrary, I still refused to believe it, and that almost ended up costing my life."


[69] "A lot of things are wrong with you, Daren," I say. "You're lucky that you have a friend like me to accept you for what you are."

"You know," Daren says, "just because I'm in the middle of an existential crisis here, doesn't mean that I can't still smack you in the head with this branch for being a smartass."

"Okay, okay, I get it!" I say. "But even without me telling you, I think you already know what's wrong, don't you?"

"Yeah..." Daren says. "I guess I do..."

He pauses a bit before he continues.

"Tomorrow, I'll try to make things right," he says. "I don't think I can bring myself to apologize to the banshee, but I'll try my best to get along with her tomorrow, and to show her that I no longer retain any hostility towards her. As for Kate, I'll need some time to think about how I'm going to approach this, but whatever happens, I'm not planning to let things go on like this. Thanks for hearing me out, Barry... I think I'm feeling a little better now."

It was a few hours later that Kate and Hadrik came to take over our shift. I asked Kate in private about how things went with Illuna, and she told me that the banshee was a bit reluctant at first, but they managed to get her to fall asleep eventually. They couldn’t convince her to shut off her alarm, though, so she’d keep waking up every hour or so, in order to check up on Arraka, but at least she got enough rest to pull her through the next day. 


[70] "Maybe you've been subconsciously resenting her for proving you wrong." 

"What are you saying?" Daren asks. "That I've been blaming her for not turning out to be a real banshee like I thought she'd be? I mean, I know that my pride can get in the way of my reasoning sometimes but, this... I mean... I wouldn't..."

"It doesn't matter why you did it," I tell him. "What's important is what you plan to do about it now."

"Yeah," Daren says. "I guess you're right..."

He pauses a bit before he continues.

"Tomorrow, I'll try to make things right," he says. "I don't think I can bring myself to apologize to the banshee, but I'll try my best to get along with her tomorrow, and to show her that I no longer retain any hostility towards her. As for Kate, I'll need some time to think about how I'm going to approach this, but whatever happens, I'm not planning to let things go on like this. Thanks for hearing me out, Barry... I think I'm feeling a little better now."

It was a few hours later that Kate and Hadrik came to take over our shift. I asked Kate in private about how things went with Illuna, and she told me that the banshee was a bit reluctant at first, but they managed to get her to fall asleep eventually. They couldn’t convince her to shut off her alarm, though, so she’d keep waking up every hour or so, in order to check up on Arraka, but at least she got enough rest to pull her through the next day. 


[71] "Maybe you'll feel better if you apologize to her."

"Maybe you're right," Daren says. "I most certainly won't be making any progress if I spend all night moping about this."

He pauses a bit before he continues.

"Tomorrow, I'll try to make things right," he says. "I don't think I can bring myself to apologize to the banshee, but I'll try my best to get along with her tomorrow, and to show her that I no longer retain any hostility towards her. As for Kate, I'll need some time to think about how I'm going to approach this, but whatever happens, I'm not planning to let things go on like this. Thanks for hearing me out, Barry... I think I'm feeling a little better now."

It was a few hours later that Kate and Hadrik came to take over our shift. I asked Kate in private about how things went with Illuna, and she told me that the banshee was a bit reluctant at first, but they managed to get her to fall asleep eventually. They couldn’t convince her to shut off her alarm, though, so she’d keep waking up every hour or so, in order to check up on Arraka, but at least she got enough rest to pull her through the next day. 


[72] A few minutes after leaving the ruins, we hear the leopard calling out to us.  

"Wait!" he says, in the common tongue. "I forgot to ask. Is one of you named Rose, by any chance?"

"I am Rose…" Rose says. "Why do you ask?"

"A doe named Elaria has been waiting impatiently for your return," the leopard says. "She seemed very worried about you. Would you like me to transmit a message to her?"

"I..." Rose starts to say and she pauses. "Yes... Tell her that I'm safe, that I'm deeply grateful for her concern, and that I wish her all the best..."

"Very well," Leo says. "I will tell her what you said."

He then wishes us all safe travels and he goes back towards the ruins, while the rest of us resume our journey.


[73] A few minutes after leaving the ruins, we hear the leopard calling out to us.  

"Wait!" he says, in the common tongue. "I forgot to ask. Is one of you named Rose, by any chance?"

"I am Rose…" Rose says. "Why do you ask?"

"A doe named Elaria has been waiting impatiently for your return," the leopard says. "She seemed very worried about you. Would you like me to transmit a message to her?"

"I..." Rose starts to say and she pauses. "No, I'd rather talk to her myself. Could you please tell her to come here? I'll be waiting for her."

"As you wish," Leo says. "She'll be with you momentarily."

"So you've finally decided to grab the bull by the horns, then?" I ask Rose, after the leopard leaves.

"There's no time like the present, don't you think?" Rose says, smiling.

"Wait, what's this all about?" Daren asks us.

"It's a secret!" Rose tells him, smiling playfully.

"Right..." Daren says.

About ten minutes later, Elaria finally shows up, and she pauses for a few moments to catch her breath before she begins to speak.


[74] Once we put some good distance between ourselves and the edge of the forbidden forest, we decided to set up camp near a small river, in an area without many trees. Flower, who had recently woken up from her stasis, was now being filled in on the details of what had happened since she'd been put to sleep.

"I'm so glad that Petal's plan worked out in the end!" Flower says, after she hears the whole story. "I got a little worried when she told me that she needed to put me in a stasis for two days, but I decided to trust her judgment."

"Wait, did you just say Petal's plan?" Kate asks. "Didn't you say before that both of you worked on this plan?" 

"Well..." Flower says, feeling a little embarrassed. "The truth is that Petal is the one who usually makes all of our strategies. I just follow her lead most of the time... At first, I didn't think she would help out this time around, since she was always making sure to keep her distance and not get involved with you guys. But then something happened that made her change her mind in that night before we reached the fort. She wouldn't tell me what happened, exactly, but all of a sudden she'd become so much more active in planning the whole operation, and she even took care to minimize the risks to your safety! I don't know what got into her, but I'm really glad that things turned out the way they did!"

Rose smiles at me. I think we both know what made Illuna change her mind before we reached the ogres. It seems that our discussion in private with her during her night shift had a lot more of an impact than we'd originally thought.


[75] "I think I know what happened in that night that made her change her mind!" I say with a grin.

For a moment, I could see the girl's eyes turn bright blue, while Illuna was giving me a menacing look.

"You do?" Flower asks.

"Yeah," I say. "Rose and I joined her while she was taking her shift, and we chatted her up the entire night. She complained about it the whole time, and kept saying that she wanted to be left alone to finish her sandwich, but I think the truth is that she actually enjoyed our company!"

"That sounds exactly like her!" Flower says. "She's never been honest with her feelings!"

"Wait, so you're saying that you're not the one who convinced Illuna to carry out the plan?" Daren asks Flower.

"No, like I said, she was the one who--" Flower starts to say but then she gasps loudly.

"Did... Did you just call Petal by her real name?" the girl asks, seemingly in a state of shock.

"Yeah, I guess..." Daren says.

"Does that mean you're friends now?" Flower asks.

"No!" Daren and Illuna both shout simultaneously.

"Oh my gods, it's true!" Flower says. "You really are friends now!"


[76] After some careful consideration, I decide to keep Illuna's secret and spare her the embarrassment.  

"Wait, so you're saying that you're not the one who convinced Illuna to carry out the plan?" Daren asks Flower.

"No, like I said, she was the one who--" Flower starts to say but then she gasps loudly.

"Did... Did you just call Petal by her real name?" the girl asks, seemingly in a state of shock.

"Yeah, I guess..." Daren says.

"Does that mean you're friends now?" Flower asks.

"No!" Daren and Illuna both shout simultaneously.

"Oh my gods, it's true!" Flower says. "You really are friends now!"


[77] After finishing our conversation with Flower and setting up all of our tents, we all took a little break to eat some food. Since the girl had magical energy to spare after her long nap, she offered to conjure for each of us a dish of our own choosing. I wasn't particularly hungry, so I just asked for some lemon cakes. Everyone else went all out, however, and asked for the most extravagant dishes that came to their minds, like manticore ribs seasoned with a variety of spices, or griffin wings coated with honey. Everyone except Kate, that is. Given that she hadn't really had the luxury of ever tasting any food other than the one she'd hunted herself, she simply asked for roasted duck legs and she went to eat by herself on a log a few dozen feet away from our camp.  

After eating my fill of lemon cakes, I went over to Kate's side, to see how she was doing. I caught her staring blankly at one of the trees in front of her, and she didn't even notice me until I placed myself right in front of her.

"Still thinking about Diane?" I ask her.

Kate looked a bit taken aback by my straightforwardness, but in the end she decided to answer me honestly.

"Yes..." she says. "She's been on my mind ever since I woke up in those ruins, but I've been trying my best to not let it show, given the situation we were in."

"Here," I tell her. "Have some lemon cakes. I've already eaten my fill!"

"Thanks..." she says, as she accepts my offer.


[78] "You know..." I say. "After you guys fell unconscious due to Diane's attack, I managed to stay awake for a little while longer, because of my higher resistance to electricity."

When she hears my words, Kate raises her head and starts watching me intently.

"I saw the lessathi she was working with," I continue. "They both wanted to have us killed, but your friend stood up to them. She said she'd kill them if they laid a finger on either of us. She's the reason why we're still alive right now."

Kate laughs.

"And also the reason why we've almost been killed by a fox goddess and by a fort full of ogres in the past few days," she says. "I get why you're telling me this, and I am grateful for your concern, but I already suspected that what she said and did was her way of trying to look out for me. That, however, still does not excuse her behavior and the way she put us all in even greater danger through her actions. She's always been like this. She would not think twice before doing what she thought was right, but that would often only result in her making things even worse than they were before. I swear I'm going to give her one hell of a beating when I see her again."

"Does that mean that you're still going to participate in the tournament?"

"Yes, I..." 

She pauses.


[79] "So, what do you plan to do now?" I ask her. "Are you still going to keep looking for Diane?"

Kate doesn't answer me immediately, deciding instead to spend a few seconds studying a colony of ants slowly making their way towards their anthill.

"Yes..." she says after a while. "I'm not going to give up just because she sent me away. I've seen her act this way before. She's trying to protect me from something. Trying to shoulder all of the burdens herself like she did back when we were kids. I hate it when she does that. And to make matters worse, her rash behavior is what almost sent us all to our graves. I swear I'm going to give her one hell of a beating when I see her again."

"Does that mean that you're still going to participate in the tournament?"

"Yes, I..." 

She pauses.


[80] "Listen..." Daren says, looking at Kate, when he gets closer. "There's something I've been meaning to tell you for a while, but I couldn't really find the right moment."

"Oh gods, you're not going to propose to me, are you?" Kate says.

"Damn it, no!" Daren says, and then he immediately tries to regain his composure. "That's not what I meant. It's just that... lately I haven't really talked to you. Actually, I haven't even spoken a word to you for days."

"Really?" Kate says, looking genuinely surprised. "I never noticed."

Daren looks like he's about to lose his cool again, but this time he manages to reign in his emotions.

"I stopped talking to you right after Azarius told us that you were an artificial mage," he says. "I was just so convinced that you were a banshee from the very beginning, and after I heard what he said I..." 

He pauses.


[81] "I suppose so," Kate says, smiling.

"Hold on," Daren says. "Our collars might have been removed, but we're still in dangerous territory here. What if we are attacked by some mages or monsters after we have our little party? Who's going to defend us from our enemies if we're all plastered?"

"There's no need to worry about that!" Rose says, as she approaches us, holding a small pouch in her left hand. "These leaves I have in my bag are a natural remedy for drunken stupors. You just need to chew on them for half a minute, and all dizziness will be gone in a flash, without even having to worry about a hangover afterwards!"

"Perfect!" the dwarf says. "Then there's no need for us to hold back! I'll go bring more bottles!"

"Ooooh, is that dwarven ale?" Flower says, as she sees the five bottles lying on the ground. "I've always wanted to try dwarven ale!"

"No ale for you, young lady," Hadrik says. "Little kids should not be drinking alcoholic beverages of any kind. It's not good for you."

"But I'm not a little kid!" Flower says. "I'm thirty years old!"

"You may be thirty years old, but your alcohol tolerance is that of a nine year old," Illuna says. "You can barely even stand on your feet after drinking a glass of wine."


[82] "That's mighty generous of you."

"Well, you know me!" Daren says. "Always looking out for my fellow man."

"The fact that this is the universal credo of all white mages is what makes it so ironic," I tell him as I take out some dry meat and an apple out of my backpack and start to eat.

"Barry, why didn't you tell me you woke up?" Flower calls out to me, disappointed, as she sees me finishing my meal. "I was waiting for you before making your breakfast so it wouldn't get cold!"

"Yeah, well Daren 'forgot' to mention that you were still taking orders," I say. "Don't sweat it, I wasn't really all that hungry anyway."

"Awww, but I was going to surprise you with a traditional dish from your homeland," Flower says.

"Traditional?" I ask.

"Yes, I was going to make quail eggs with ham and Bagelberry cheese."

"That's... less of a traditional dish from the Western Continent and more of a select meal eaten by only a handful of nobles on our continent. The rest of us usually just eat whatever we have lying around the pantry for breakfast."

"Huh," Flower says. "Well, the more you know..."


[83] "I see it didn't take you long to turn into an ass again," I say. "Whatever happened to that apology you gave me the other night?"

"Hey now, let's not get things mixed up, here!" Daren says. "What I apologized for was being MORE of an ass than usual. I'd say that my attitude right now is well within the boundaries of my regular day to day assholeness!"

"Point taken," I tell him as I take out some dry meat and an apple out of my backpack and start to eat.

"Barry, why didn't you tell me you woke up?" Flower calls out to me, disappointed, as she sees me finishing my meal. "I was waiting for you before making your breakfast so it wouldn't get cold!"

"Yeah, well Daren 'forgot' to mention that you were still taking orders," I say. "Don't sweat it, I wasn't really all that hungry anyway."

"Awww, but I was going to surprise you with a traditional dish from your homeland," Flower says.

"Traditional?" I ask.

"Yes, I was going to make quail eggs with ham and Bagelberry cheese."

"That's... less of a traditional dish from the Western Continent and more of a select meal eaten by only a handful of nobles on our continent. The rest of us usually just eat whatever we have lying around the pantry for breakfast."

"Huh," Flower says. "Well, the more you know..."


[84] "As tempting as that sounds, I think I'd rather go see if Flower is still taking orders."

As it turns out, the girl was actually waiting for me to wake up in order to prepare my breakfast. After she conjures my food, she hands me the plate with an excited look on her face.

"Ta-daaa!" she says. "A traditional dish from your homeland! Quail eggs with ham and Bagelberry cheese."

"Actually... this isn't really a traditional meal in the Western Continent," I say.

"It's not?" Flower says, disappointed. "Awww, but I was sure I read about this somewhere in a book detailing the Western culture..." 

"No, this isn't anything traditional," I say. "It's a select meal eaten by only a handful of nobles in a few of the rich cities on our continent. Which makes it even better! Thanks a bunch!"

"Well, I'm glad you like it!" Flower says, smiling. "I've still got a lot of magical energy left so don't hesitate to ask for seconds if you want!"


[85] "And Illuna?" Kate asks. "How does she feel about all of this?"

All of our eyes are fixed upon the girl, as her own eyes turn bright blue, and Illuna starts looking around her nervously.

"I guess it... wouldn't hurt us too much to accompany you for a while longer..." she says.

"It's settled, then!" Daren says. "Pack your bags, we're leaving in half an hour."

"Now, hold on there!" Arraka says. "Is nobody going to ask me how I feel about all of this? What if I told you that I am deeply unsatisfied with this group's abysmal kill per hour ratio and that I'd only consider continuing our collaboration if you promise to work on improving it, huh? What then?"

We all stare at Arraka's amulet for a few seconds, until Hadrik decides to break the silence.

"Alright, then!" he says. "It's time for us to start dismantling our tents. Meet you all back here in thirty minutes!"

"Hey!" Arraka says, as we all start heading towards our tents. "HEY! Don't you dare ignore me! Do you hear me? Come back here! I'm not done complaining yet!"

It took me a while, but after I got done with my tent and my backpack, I headed back towards our meeting spot, where everyone except Kate seemed to have already arrived. As I got closer, I saw that Flower was currently spinning Arraka's amulet by the chain with a displeased expression on her face.


[86] "Okay, I'm here," Kate says, as she joins the rest of us. "Let's get going."

"Wait!" Flower says. "I just remembered something. The plates! I forgot to wash the plates."

"Who cares about the plates?" Daren asks. "Can't you just conjure new ones out of nowhere like you do with the food?"

"Yeah, but it would be a waste to just leave them here," Flower says. "They sell for a pretty good price on the market. This won't take long, I promise. I'll just pick them up quick and wash them in the river. I'll be right back!"

"You know, I've always wondered about something," Hadrik tells Daren, as Flower rushes past him. "If they call you guys white mages, then shouldn't necromancers be called black mages? You know, to keep the theme going?"

"Actually, that's a common misconception," Daren says. "This has nothing to do with warriors of the light fighting the forces of darkness. The only reason why white mages are called like that is because of the bright light that appears when they cast most of their spells. It's not really an official name, but I guess it kind of stuck. Some white mages with a stick up their arse sometimes even get offended when they're called like that, and they--"

Daren stopped talking, because a familiar figure had just appeared out of thin air in front of him. A boy with his eyes closed, his hands in his pockets and a polite smile on his face.

"Greetings, friends!" Eiden says. "I come bearing news!"


[87] "I was unconscious at the time. I never even got to see the lessathi."

"It's not very smart of you to lie to me like this, Barry," Eiden says. "Especially after I implied that I could tell if you're lying or not by studying your aura."

"Do you think we're all idiots?" Daren says. "We already found out about the still winter. That message of yours was nothing more than a poorly veiled threat. The lessathi would have attacked us the moment we delivered it to them!"

"Of course!" Eiden says. "I thought that much would have been obvious by now. But regardless of its contents, a message is still a message. And that message is what Barry had traded for your lives."

"Wait, listen," I say. "We can find other lessathi. We can still deliver the message!"

"Barry..." Eiden says. "I'm starting to get the impression that you're not taking me very seriously."

"What are you talking about?" I say. "Of course I'm taking you seriously!"

"This will not do," Eiden says. "How am I supposed to get my point across if you're not taking me seriously?"

"Listen," I say. "I get why you may be thinking this, but trust me when I say that--"


[88] "I'm sorry, I was barely even able to talk at that point. I'd just been electrocuted."

"That is true," Eiden says. "I could tell even from afar that you were barely able to hold onto your senses at the time."

"Yes, exactly!" I say. "That's why I couldn't--"

"However..." Eiden interrupts me. "If delivering my message had been your first priority, you would have surely been able to find the resources necessary to fulfill your task."

"Wait, listen," I say. "We can find other lessathi. We can still deliver the message!"

"Barry..." Eiden says. "I'm starting to get the impression that you're not taking me very seriously."

"What are you talking about?" I say. "Of course I'm taking you seriously!"

"This will not do," Eiden says. "How am I supposed to get my point across if you're not taking me seriously?"

"Listen," I say. "I get why you may be thinking this, but trust me when I say that--"


[89] "Your friends can't help you this time, Barry," Eiden says to me. "What are you going to do?"

A feeling of panic overwhelms me all of a sudden. This can't be happening. This can't be happening... We were finally rid of the collars. We were rid of them! Everything was going to be okay. Why did you have to come back? Why?!

"Time is running out, Barry," Eiden says. "Your friend is at the end of her rope. How are you going to stop me?"

How AM I going to stop him? I still have no idea how he powered up my stat device when I fought the dragon, and I don't know any of his weaknesses. Does he even have weaknesses? Are there any words that can get me out of this like last time? What would make him let her go? What would convince him to let this slide? What am I supposed to do?!

All of a sudden, there's a loud noise of plates shattering to our right, and Rose finally manages to take a deep long breath, as both Eiden and I turn to identify the source of the sound.

Flower is just standing there, with an expression of pure shock on her face, and with a dozen shattered plates lying at her feet.

"Well, if it isn't Illuna, of the sacred woods massacre!" Eiden says, smiling. "It's been twenty years, I believe? How have you been?"

Flower's expression quickly changes into one of pure rage, as her eyes turn bright red, and her aura starts to fluctuate violently. 

