
[1] 

[2] "We've got no time for this," Kate says. "Look at the map. All of the ogres that were sleeping are waking up and taking their stations. The others are frantically patrolling the halls, as if they were looking for something. They must have discovered one of the dead bodies and raised the alarm. The shaman has just left his quarters and he's now assembling a team to follow him."

"That means we won't be able to sneak out of the fort through the front gate anymore," Illuna says. "I don't think it's a good idea to fight all of these ogres head on. Luckily for us, the room we are in right now isn't marked in any of the building plans, so most patrols aren't very likely to come searching for us here. Our best bet is to descend into the caverns below us, and then to follow the underground tunnels until we reach the exit at the base of the hill." 


[3] "It's true, then?" Rose asks. "What the ogre said?"

"Yes," Illuna says. "The curse is much too powerful for me to break with any of the spells I know. The shaman was being generous when he said that I'd get to live for another hour. From what I can tell, the curse will likely kill me in the next fifteen minutes."

"No!" Rose shouts. "You can't give up! You can't give up like this! There has to be a way to--"

Rose stops mid-sentence because she sees Daren starting to move towards Illuna. When he reaches her, he lifts his sword and looks at the banshee, without uttering a word. Illuna looks back at him and she laughs.


[4] "Yes," Illuna says. "The curse is much too powerful for me to break with any of the spells I know. The shaman was being generous when he said that I'd get to live for another hour. From what I can tell, the curse will likely kill me in the next fifteen minutes."

"No!" Rose shouts. "You can't give up! You can't give up like this! There has to be a way to--"

Rose stops mid-sentence because she sees Daren starting to move towards Illuna. When he reaches her, he lifts his sword and looks at the banshee, without uttering a word. Illuna looks back at him and she laughs.


[5] The fox was quite surprised when she learned that we’d returned with the chalice. I don’t think she was really expecting us to pull it off. However, she kept her word and removed all of our collars upon confirmation that the artifact we’d brought her was indeed the one she was looking for. Since we didn’t really feel like spending any more time than necessary in this place, we waved goodbye to the fox and the leopard, we started heading out of the forbidden forest, and we prayed that we’d never see either of them again for the rest of our lives.


[6] "I will!" Rose says. "I'll see you again, soon! Goodbye, Elaria, and thank you again, for everything!"

She waves goodbye to the doe, and then we all resume our journey, while Rose looks as if a great burden had been lifted off her chest.


[7] "I'm sorry," Kate says, as she struggles to contain her laughter. "I'm sorry... I didn't mean to mock you. It's just that I didn't think that this would be the kind of thing that could trouble you so much. Of course I accept your apology! I was being honest when I said that I never noticed you ignoring me all this time. The two of us never really talked all that much, so none of this seemed strange to me. But I really appreciate you coming out to me like this. Thank you! This made me feel a lot better!"

She smiles.

"I'm not sure what this is all about," we hear Hadrik's voice coming from behind Daren, "but I'm willing to bet that this would be the best moment to finally hold that victory celebration!"

He then places five bottles of dwarven ale on the ground and grins at us.


[8] "Yes, but like I said, auras can be used for many other things," Eiden says. "For example, if you study a person's aura fluctuations carefully enough, you can tell if they're lying or not. Besides that, you can also find out their age, their race and their mental state. If you tamper with a person's aura enough, you can even stop them from aging! Speaking of auras, Barry, I happened to see your aura in very close proximity to two lessathi a few days ago. Did you remember to give them my message?"

Crap, he's talking about the two lessathi that were with Diane. His stupid message was the last thing on my mind at the time. What am I supposed to tell him now?


[9] "It's him!" she tells us. "Don't you see? He's the one! He's the one who destroyed the city of Olmnar!"

