
[1] 

[2] As we get a closer look at the dwarf, we recognize him almost immediately. It would be impossible to not know who he is, since his face has been shown in every newspaper, for the past twelve years. The mage that we were looking at right now was none other than Talmak, the Sage of the North.

"Ahahahahahaha!" Arraka starts to laugh loudly, all of a sudden.

"Talmak?..." Daren says, looking very shocked.

"The Sage of the North?" Illuna asks, surprised, looking first at Daren, and then at the dwarf in front of us, with a very unimpressed look on her face. "THIS is the almighty sage you've been talking about?..."

"Ahahahaha!" Arraka keeps laughing in the background.

"You knew about this, didn't you?" Illuna says, as she grabs Arraka's amulet by the chain and looks at it directly. "You knew that one of the mages was a sage from the very beginning!"

"Of course I knew!" Arraka says, still barely containing her laughter. "But I wanted to see the looks on your faces when you saw him for yourselves! Ahahahahaha!!!"


[3] Aside from Daren's old master, Talmak's team consists of a banshee, an elf, and two dwarves. Funnily enough, both of the dwarves look more intimidating than the sage. One of them has two big scars on his face, and the other one is wearing an eye patch. The elf has long blond hair, and he has a slim, tall figure. He appears to be rather old, even by elven standards. I'm not really sure how slowly elves age, but I think you'd need to be over one hundred years old to have any noticeable wrinkles on your face. And this elf has got plenty of them.

The woman that the banshee possessed is somewhere in her early thirties. Her eyes are constantly shining with a green light, similarly to how Flower's eyes always shine blue, when Illuna takes over the body. She also has an outwordly aura about her, so it's clear that she is not an artificial mage.

Given that the banshee is obviously long past her awakening stage, I can only assume that the host's soul is long gone, and that the banshee is the only one in control of the body right now. However, I was not aware that a banshee could maintain the original appearance of her host even after her awakening. I thought that Flower and Illuna were a special case, because of the fusion, but it appears I was mistaken. Perhaps I do not know as much about banshees as I would like to believe.

The woman's hair is long and black, and the expression on her face looks ruthless and unforgiving. While we were walking towards her, I could see the banshee take a short glance towards Flower, but then she went back to looking straight ahead of her, awaiting the sage's orders.


[4] "I wasn't recruited by Azarius!" Daren says. "Don't you understand? I came here on my own! I came here because I'm tired of travelling around the world, trying to save people, while thousands of others are dying somewhere else, where I cannot reach them. No matter how much I trained, or how hard I worked, it was never enough. I couldn't save them all. But once I get the Magium, I may finally become able to achieve my dreams..."

"Boy, are you out of your mind?" Nolderan shouts. "Are you telling me that you are still holding on to your foolish ideals from back when you were still my pupil? When will you finally grow up and accept reality?"

"Grow up?..." Daren says. "And then what? Become Talmak's lapdog, like you did? What happened to you? What happened to the master I knew, who was a proud man that was happy and content with teaching people martial arts and enchanting for a living? What happened to that man who would never bend his knee to anyone, regardless of their social status, or their strength?"

"That man died long ago," Nolderan says. "He died after I lost my sage status, and after everyone abandoned me, forcing me to take up work as a mercenary. But this time it's different. I'm no longer just working for scraps. If we succeed, here, I could finally turn my life around. And so could you, if you wouldn't keep stubbornly holding on to those childish ideals that you've had ever since I first met you!"


[5] "You would compete against me?" Talmak shouts furiously, as he gets up from his chair and looks at me directly. "ME? The Sage of the North?"

He then stops suppressing his magical power, and for a moment, it feels like the intensity of his aura is hitting me right in the face.

"As far as intimidating auras go, I've seen better," I say, once I've recovered from the initial shock.

"Do you people think this is a game?" Talmak says, as his eyes are still brimming with fury. "Do you all think that this offer I made is something that you can simply refuse? Are you unable to understand the situation you are in?"

"I think we all understand our situation very well, Sage Talmak," Daren says, with a serious tone in his voice. "Judging by the terrified looks that those mages outside were giving us when they saw us travelling alongside Nolderan, I'm willing to bet that you've also threatened them in the same way, and that this is the real reason why you have so many people working for you. But these sorts of tactics won't work on me."


[6] "Then... can I come to your side of the table?" Melindra asks.

"Of course," Talmak says. "And the other girl can come to this side as well, if she wants."

"I will stay here," Leila writes, as Melindra heads over to the sage's side.

The sage first looks a little confused, when he sees the blue writing in the air, but then he understands its significance, and he addresses Leila directly.

"As you wish," Talmak tells her.

"I should have known that you would abandon us with the first opportunity you got, you traitor!" Kate tells Melindra. 


[7] "But... why?" Kate asks, seemingly in a state of shock. "Why did she do it?"

"Everyone get back!" I shout. "Melindra can't control her powers properly. This tornado may well engulf us too, soon, if we don't get away from it."

"Can't control her powers properly?..." Kate says, confused. "Wait, is this why she's never fought together with us in the past? Because she could risk hurting us by accident?"

"Yes," I say. "Now let's move!"

"But if you knew about this... then why didn't you tell us?" Kate says, as we all move away from the tornado.

"Because she asked me to keep this a secret," I say. "Listen, I don't have time to explain now. We'll discuss this in more detail later. Flower, we need to fly up there and get Melindra out of the tornado."

"What?..." Flower says.

"She asked us to pull her out after she snaps her fingers, remember?" I say. "Now come on. We need to hurry!"

I raise both of my arms into the air, which signals Melindra's air currents to lift me off the ground. Flower then starts her fire jets, and we both head upwards, while also slowly approaching the tornado. After a few seconds of trying to spot Melindra, we finally locate her, as she is spinning continuously along the outer borders of the twister.


[8] "Took you long enough..." Melindra says, as she starts coughing from all the dust that she's inhaled while inside the twister.

"Sorry," I say. "I wanted to make sure that the others were still inside the tornado, so that we wouldn't get ambushed."

"Well, I'm glad to see that you got my message, at least..." Melindra says.

"Yeah, I did get the message, eventually," I say. "Although, it would have been nice if you had made it a little clearer."

"I couldn't risk it," Melindra says. "They may have had people in that group who could tell when people are lying, by studying their auras. I needed you to be genuinely shocked at my betrayal for this plan to work."

"But couldn't you just create the tornado from afar?" I say. "Why did you have to go all the way to their side to do it?"

"When I make a tornado as big as this," Melindra says, "if I'm not right at the center or straight above it, I won't be able to control it properly."

"What about now?" I say. "Are you able to control it now?"


[9] "Took you long enough..." Melindra says, as she starts coughing from all the dust that she's inhaled while inside the twister.

"We came here as fast as we could," I say.

"No doubt," Melindra says. "But it still feels like I've been inside there for a million years. Glad to see that you got my message, at least." 

"Yeah, I did get the message, eventually," I say. "Although, it would have been nice if you had made it a little clearer."

"I couldn't risk it," Melindra says. "They may have had people in that group who could tell when people are lying, by studying their auras. I needed you to be genuinely shocked at my betrayal for this plan to work."

"But couldn't you just create the tornado from afar?" I say. "Why did you have to go all the way to their side to do it?"

"When I make a tornado as big as this," Melindra says, "if I'm not right at the center or straight above it, I won't be able to control it properly."

"What about now?" I say. "Are you able to control it now?"


[10] "So, you know of the golden fox, then?" I ask him.

"I've had more than a few run-ins with her since I came to Varathia, yes," the sage says. "But, more importantly, the situation has now changed. Meet me back down, boy, and we'll have another talk."

He then brings his platform to the ground, along with all of his team, while I also go down and land next to Daren and the others. When my feet hit the ground, I can't help but notice that the air currents around me have calmed down, just like when Melindra cast the spell on me earlier. It appears that the currents are made in such a way that they temporarily deactivate whenever I land on the ground, and if I want to fly again, I need to reactivate them by raising my arms above my head.

"I've changed my mind!" Talmak says all of a sudden, as people were getting ready for battle. "There is no more need for us to fight."

"And to what do we owe this sudden change of heart?" Daren says.


[11] "Stop talking, you filth," Kate says, looking at him with an expression of pure disgust.

"Maybe I haven't made myself sufficiently clear..." Talmak starts to say, adopting his usual authoritative tone.

"Yeah, no, I think we've heard enough," Hadrik says, and he immediately rushes towards the sage, at a shocking speed.

The sage barely has the time to react, and he conjures another wall of rock in front of him, which Hadrik breaks in one punch.

"Enough!!!" Talmak shouts furiously, all of a sudden, as he makes several large spikes of rock pop out from underneath the earth, forcing Hadrik to jump back. "If you're all so eager to march towards your deaths, then I will be more than happy to grant your wishes. I'm going to kill you all myself, and I'm saving the stillwater for last."

"No, you won't," Hadrik says, with a grin, as he makes another lightning fast rush towards the sage, and he attacks him with a flurry of blows, while Talmak is struggling to create enough walls to keep up with his speed.

As Hadrik and the sage have begun their duel, the five henchmen are now getting ready to attack the rest of us.


[12] "Hah!" Hadrik says. "I was hoping that you'd be coming this way, Barry. Let's see if you can keep up!"

He then starts attacking the sage even faster, while I try to do an aerial assault from above. Talmak suddenly unleashes an explosion of air, which pushes both me and Hadrik away from him, and then he begins to raise himself high up in the sky, with the aid of the stone platform at his feet.

"So, he can also cast air magic to some extent..." Hadrik says, after we recover from the sudden blast of air from earlier. "That bastard. Come on, Barry, let's catch up to him!"

I begin to fly upwards, while Hadrik turns himself into a giant eagle, soaring into the sky as well. Just as I'm about to reach Talmak, two giant platforms made out of rock materialize out of thin air, above and below me, and they both immediately try to crush me between them. 

I find myself unable to do anything, as the large stone slates quickly flatten me, and cause me to lose my consciousness for good.


[13] "Hah!" Hadrik says. "I was hoping that you'd be coming this way, Barry. Let's see if you can keep up!"

He then starts attacking the sage even faster, while I try to do an aerial assault from above. Talmak suddenly unleashes an explosion of air, which pushes both me and Hadrik away from him, and then he begins to raise himself high up in the sky, with the aid of the stone platform at his feet.

"So, he can also cast air magic to some extent..." Hadrik says, after we recover from the sudden blast of air from earlier. "That bastard. Come on, Barry, let's catch up to him!"

I begin to fly upwards, while Hadrik turns himself into a giant eagle, soaring into the sky as well. Just as I'm about to reach Talmak, two giant platforms made out of rock materialize out of thin air, above and below me, and they both immediately try to crush me between them. 

As I find myself stuck between the two large stone slates, I try to push them away from me so that I can escape, but I'm just not strong enough to do it. Seeing that he has me where he wants me, the sage creates two more rock platforms, and he smashes them into the other two with full force, this time managing to crush my internal organs, and to kill me for good.


[14] "Hah!" Hadrik says. "I was hoping that you'd be coming this way, Barry. Let's see if you can keep up!"

He then starts attacking the sage even faster, while I try to do an aerial assault from above. Talmak suddenly unleashes an explosion of air, which pushes both me and Hadrik away from him, and then he begins to raise himself high up in the sky, with the aid of the stone platform at his feet.

"So, he can also cast air magic to some extent..." Hadrik says, after we recover from the sudden blast of air from earlier. "That bastard. Come on, Barry, let's catch up to him!"

I begin to fly upwards, while Hadrik turns himself into a giant eagle, soaring into the sky as well. Just as I'm about to reach Talmak, two giant platforms made out of rock materialize out of thin air, above and below me, and they both immediately try to crush me between them. 

As I find myself stuck between the two large stone slates, I push one of them away from me with both my hands, and then I quickly use my right fist to smash right through the platform in front of me, allowing me to escape. Afterwards, I resume my flight towards Talmak, who is apparently trying to use the same tactic against Hadrik as well.


[15] Unfortunately, it seems that Talmak was still paying attention to me, and as soon as he sees me approach him, he conjures a large slate of stone, exactly in front of me. I manage to stop before hitting the obstacle, but the rocks that were following right behind me hit me at full speed, and they crush me against the stone slate, killing me instantly.


[16] As I look behind me, I am pleased to see that the boulders which have been following me around for the past thirty seconds are still right on my tail. I keep a steady course until I'm almost at the platform's level, and at the very last second before hitting it, I quickly change my direction and propel myself out of the way, as the sage is still completely oblivious to what's happening right above him. Just as I predicted, the boulders that were following me could not change their direction quickly enough, so they all crashed right into Talmak's flying platform. 

While the sage noticed the rocks too late to be able to stop them directly, he was still able to conjure a small dome made out of stone all around him, which lessened the impact of the boulders on his own person by quite a bit. That still didn't stop his platform from getting completely destroyed, however, which sent Talmak falling towards the ground, along with all the rubble.

He doesn't get to fall for long, though, because he almost immediately makes another platform below his feet, out of thin air, while blowing all of the debris away in a single move. Looking at his face, he seems to be in a pretty bad mood, right now.

"He's looking pretty pissed, Barry," Hadrik tells me, as he hovers into the air next to me, in his giant eagle form. "You think you can handle him, while I go get Daren? He's the one that specializes against elementalists, after all. Aerial battles are just not my thing."

"Yeah, go get him," I say. "But do it quick. I'm not sure how much longer I can keep this up."


[17] As I am busy trying to observe how Talmak is moving and creating his rocks, I lose focus on the boulders that were actually out to get me, and one of them hits me right in the head. Before I have the time to recover, the sage creates even more stone slates, and I quickly get squashed between several layers of rock, which makes me die almost instantly.


[18] After moving erratically for a while longer and watching the boulders and platforms move after me, I finally start to gain an understanding of how the sage typically reacts to my movements, and this allows me to predict some of his next attacks. It only takes a few mistakes on his part for me to close the gap between us and to finally reach his floating platform. I make sure to close in on him while he is too busy keeping Hadrik at bay to notice me, and before he gets the time to react, I punch him hard in the face, sending him flying right off the platform.

Normally, that kind of punch should have smashed his head in, but thanks to all of his magical protections, he got away with only a bloody nose. Talmak falls towards the ground for a while, but then he conjures another floating platform below him, to stop him in his tracks. Judging by the look on his face, he seems to be in a pretty bad mood, right now.

"He's looking pretty pissed, Barry," Hadrik tells me, as he hovers into the air next to me, in his giant eagle form. "You think you can handle him, while I go get Daren? He's the one that specializes against elementalists, after all. Aerial battles are just not my thing."

"Yeah, go get him," I say. "But do it quick. I'm not sure how much longer I can keep this up."


[19] As Hadrik heads over to Daren, Talmak ignores him completely, and he uses his platform to come back up to my level. It seems that this time, I've finally gotten his undivided attention.

The sage begins to create even more rocks than before, and he keeps throwing them at me, one after the other. However, his aim seems a little worse than before. It would appear that he isn't able to concentrate as well as he'd want to, when he is this angry.


[20] In the meantime, Kate and Leila are busy battling the two dwarf henchmen, who are both fire elementalists, while the elf is making semi-transparent barriers, to defend against Kate's icicles. The banshee on their side is also battling one of my teammates, but it shocks me to find out that this adversary of hers is in fact Illuna. 

I quickly take a look to see what happened to the golden cage and Melindra, and it would seem that they're both in the same place as before. This means that Illuna most likely teleported out, with that daily spell of hers, while leaving Melindra safely inside the cage to continue recovering from her wounds. 

As I observe the black-haired banshee's fighting style, I arrive at the conclusion that she must be a generalist of some kind. She's casting all sorts of spells, ranging from lightning, to fire, to ice, and she also has a few summoned eagles by her side. Either way, I don't really have time to study the battlefield in more detail. It's hard enough to dodge the sage's attacks even without being distracted. 

I dance around in the sky with Talmak and his boulders for a while longer, until I suddenly hear Daren's voice coming from below us.

"Hey, Talmak!" Daren shouts. "Come down here so we can have a duel! One on one! What kind of a coward flies off to the sky like that, where his enemies can't reach him?"


[21] "The sage is not my master," the banshee says. "We only have an agreement. I told him that I'd help him get the Magium, as long as he'd sign me up to this tournament, and let me pursue my own goals on the side."

"The very fact that Sage Talmak is letting you breathe in his presence should be more than enough of a reward for your services," says the dwarf with the scars on his face. "If I were in his place, I would have killed you a long time ago."

As the dwarf finishes his sentence, Kate suddenly unleashes a hundred icicles that she'd been preparing in the sky all this time, and she shoots them at all of the sage's henchmen, including Nolderan. Just as the icicles reach the four enemies in front of us, they all bounce off an invisible barrier, which was surrounding the mages. Nolderan, on the other hand, did not need a barrier to protect himself, and he simply danced out of the projectiles' way, while also fending off an attack from Daren.


[22] "Are you two just about done with your conversation, or do you intend to keep ignoring us?" says the banshee who works for the sage.

As we take a look towards Talmak's henchmen, we see that they were unharmed by the fireballs, thanks to the elf's invisible barrier. While the barrier itself is not visible with the naked eye, you can tell that it's still there, by the feel of its magical aura.

"Nobody asked you to wait for us," Illuna says, in a cold voice. "You could have attacked us at any time."

"Oh, I would have attacked you long ago," the dwarf with the eye patch says, "if this sad excuse for an elf hadn't surrounded us all with an impenetrable barrier that works both ways!"

"I will remove the barrier as soon as our banshee friend is done asking her questions," the elf says, in a calm manner. "And also as soon as you promise to not get caught in every single one of the enemy's deadly attacks, like a gang of amateurs."


[23] "If she goes free, then I will kill her again, and again, and again, until she is dead for good," the black-haired banshee says, with her eyes full of rage. "And if you stand in my way, I will kill you too. Undo this barrier, elf. It's about time that we all settled our scores."

"Finally," the elf says, as he dismisses his barrier. "Try not to die in the first five seconds, will you?"

Just as soon as the barrier disappears, the two dwarves channel their magic into a single ray of fire, which they use to attack Kate's ice dome. The ice is being reinforced almost as fast as it is melted, but it's clear that Kate won't be able to keep this up much longer. In the meantime, the black-haired banshee flies up in the sky, and begins to attack Illuna and Flower with a variety of spells. 

Judging by the very different types of spells that she's using, I'm going to guess that she is some sort of a generalist. She's already cast a lightning spell, a sonic spell and a freezing spell, one after the other, while also summoning a few eagles to try and catch Illuna by surprise. Luckily, Flower has done a good job at avoiding the attacks in mid-air, although neither she nor Illuna have managed to land a hit on their adversary, just yet.


[24] Just as I was trying to get around another one of the barriers, Kate shoots dozens of icicles towards the elf, coming from all directions, which forces him to dismiss all the barriers and to make a new one, around himself.

This allows Leila and me to finally reach the dwarves, but it also allows our adversaries to shoot us with rays of fire from a point-blank range.

Leila instinctively dodged the attack, thanks to her reflexes stat, but I wasn't so lucky. I was too slow to react in time, and the ray of fire burnt me into a crisp, killing me on the spot.


[25] Just as I was trying to get around another one of the barriers, Kate shoots dozens of icicles towards the elf, coming from all directions, which forces him to dismiss all the barriers and to make a new one, around himself.

This allows Leila and me to finally reach the dwarves, but it also allows our adversaries to shoot us with rays of fire from a point-blank range.

Leila instinctively dodges the attack, thanks to her reflexes stat, and so do I. Before the dwarves get to cast any more spells, Leila and I quickly slit their throats with our blades, going right through their magical protections against physical damage, and killing them on the spot.

"So much for the great sage's elite squad, eh?" I tell the elf, as I leave the dwarf corpses behind, and begin to approach him.

"Those were only easily replaceable pawns," the elf says, with a forced smile. "The older members of the team are currently away on an important mission, related to the pinecones. It's too bad that you will never get to meet them, because the sage will obliterate all of you before then."

"The sage?" I ask him. "Not you?"

"I am only in charge of defense," the elf says. "I have no spells that could help me fight you in any way. I'm just going to keep this barrier up until you either tire yourselves out, or get bored. You won't be able to break it anytime soon at this rate."


[26] In the meantime, Leila seems to be having her own problems with barriers, although the ones that she's bumping into are completely invisible, and can only be detected if you really focus on them with your magical sense. I try to make another dive for the dwarves, but my path gets blocked by one of the elf's barriers yet again. Just as I was trying to get around it, Kate shoots dozens of icicles towards the elf, coming from all directions, which forces him to dismiss all the barriers and to make a new one, around himself.

This allows Leila and me to finally reach the dwarves, but it also allows our adversaries to shoot us with rays of fire from a point-blank range.

Leila instinctively dodged the attack, thanks to her reflexes stat, but I wasn't so lucky. I was too slow to react in time, and the ray of fire burnt me into a crisp, killing me on the spot.


[27] In the meantime, Leila seems to be having her own problems with barriers, although the ones that she's bumping into are completely invisible, and can only be detected if you really focus on them with your magical sense. I try to make another dive for the dwarves, but my path gets blocked by one of the elf's barriers yet again. Just as I was trying to get around it, Kate shoots dozens of icicles towards the elf, coming from all directions, which forces him to dismiss all the barriers and to make a new one, around himself.

This allows Leila and me to finally reach the dwarves, but it also allows our adversaries to shoot us with rays of fire from a point-blank range.

Leila instinctively dodges the attack, thanks to her reflexes stat, and so do I. Before the dwarves get to cast any more spells, Leila and I quickly slit their throats with our blades, going right through their magical protections against physical damage, and killing them on the spot.

"So much for the great sage's elite squad, eh?" I tell the elf, as I land on the ground, and begin to approach him.

"Those were only easily replaceable pawns," the elf says, with a forced smile. "The older members of the team are currently away on an important mission, related to the pinecones. It's too bad that you will never get to meet them, because the sage will obliterate all of you before then."


[28] Just as I was trying to get around another one of the barriers, Kate shoots dozens of icicles towards the elf, coming from all directions, which forces him to dismiss all the previous barriers and to make a new one, around himself.

This allows Leila and me to finally reach him, and to attack him with many rapid strikes, even though each one of them gets blocked by the invisible barrier around himself. With the elf no longer protecting his allies, Kate immediately starts attacking the two dwarves with icicles, and it doesn't take her long until she manages to kill them both, with a few well-placed shots to their heads.

"So much for the great sage's elite squad, eh?" I tell the elf, as I keep trying to attack him through his barrier, along with Leila.

"Those were only easily replaceable pawns," the elf says, with a forced smile. "The older members of the team are currently away on an important mission, related to the pinecones. It's too bad that you will never get to meet them, because the sage will obliterate all of you before then."

"The sage?" I ask him. "Not you?"

"I am only in charge of defense," the elf says. "I have no spells that could help me fight you in any way. I'm just going to keep this barrier up until you either tire yourselves out, or get bored. You won't be able to break it anytime soon at this rate."

"Right..." I say, as I continue to attack him.


[29] In the meantime, Leila seems to be having her own problems with barriers, although the ones that she's bumping into are completely invisible, and can only be detected if you really focus on them with your magical sense. I try to make another dive for the elf, but my path gets blocked by one of his barriers yet again. Just as I was trying to get around it, Kate shoots dozens of icicles towards the elf, coming from all directions, which forces him to dismiss all the barriers and to make a new one, around himself.

This allows Leila and me to finally reach him, and to attack him with many rapid strikes, even though each one of them gets blocked by the invisible barrier around himself. With the elf no longer protecting his allies, Kate immediately starts attacking the two dwarves with icicles, and it doesn't take her long until she manages to kill them both, with a few well-placed shots to their heads.

"So much for the great sage's elite squad, eh?" I tell the elf, as I land on the ground, and continue to attack him through his barrier, along with Leila.

"Those were only easily replaceable pawns," the elf says, with a forced smile. "The older members of the team are currently away on an important mission, related to the pinecones. It's too bad that you will never get to meet them, because the sage will obliterate all of you before then."

"The sage?" I ask him. "Not you?"


[30] "I'll deal with your old master," Hadrik tells Daren. "You go deal with the sage. Elementalists are supposed to be your specialty, aren't they?"

"They are," Daren says, as he starts casting a healing spell on himself. "I'll take care of him."

"Perfect!" Hadrik says. "Come on, Nolderan, let's have ourselves a fun little sparring match!"

He then rushes towards Daren's old master, and he tries to punch him again, but this time Nolderan was waiting for him, and he dodged his attack effortlessly. As the two of them begin their battle, Daren starts to shout very loudly at the sage, who is still in the sky, waiting for his next opponent.

"Hey, Talmak!" Daren shouts, while his wounds are still being magically healed.  "Come down here so we can have a duel! One on one! What kind of a coward flies off to the sky like that, where his enemies can't reach him?"

"Watch your tongue, healer in armor!" Talmak shouts. "Who do you think you're talking to?"


[31] "Sage Talmak!" Nolderan shouts, as the sage is beginning to panic a little. "Daren's sword can absorb the elements. You can't fight him with any rocks that are magically created. Use regular rocks! He won't be able to absorb them fast enough!"

"Oh, so that's how it is..." Talmak says.

He then begins to use his magic to pull several large boulders out of the earth, but before he manages to do it, Daren flings his sword at him with all his might, which sends all of the four marbles flying towards the sage. 

The stone marbles quickly regain their original sizes, in mid-flight, while Talmak is forced to drop the rocks that he was pulling out of the earth, and to make a large, thick wall of stone in front of him, in order to defend himself from the incoming boulders. His wall isn't enough to guard him completely, however, and one of the boulders manages to hit him directly, knocking him on his back.


[32] He then uses his earth powers to move the walls of rock on the sides of the chasm closer together, in order to create a path for his stone giant to walk on. The earth is trembling violently once more, as the pit below us gets narrower by the second, until the walls forming the crevice get joined together, leaving nothing but a small crack in the earth, between them.

In the meantime, Melindra makes us float until we are at a relatively safe distance from the golem, and then she lands us on the ground.

"Healer, you might want to make a barrier around everyone," Melindra says. "And make it stronger than any barrier that you've ever cast before. I do not have a lot of control over the spells that I'm about to use from this moment onwards."

"Oh..." Daren says. "Alright. I'm on it."

He then uses his shield to make a semi-transparent magical barrier around all of us, while Melindra begins to fly higher into the air.

"Flower, you need to take your fight elsewhere," Melindra says. "Get as far away from here as possible. I'm not planning to hold back."


[33] After the sage stops talking, his golem quickly extends its right arm towards Melindra, and it tries to crush her in its hand. However, as soon as the hand tries to close in around Melindra, the hundreds of wind blades that were rotating around her react all at once, and they cut the rocks into tiny pieces in a matter of seconds.

"No..." Talmak says, in complete shock, as he looks at the golem arm before him, which is now missing its hand entirely.

"I believe it is time to show you, Sage Talmak, why air is the strongest of all the magical elements..." Melindra says, and then she unleashes ten times more blades than she had before, throwing them all in the stone giant's direction.

The thousands of wind blades all soar through the air, at breathtaking speed, and for a few seconds, we could see a great spectacle of shimmering lights, as the sun was getting reflected into each of the blades, in turn. The great stone giant from before was now being sliced into pieces before our very eyes, and while the sage was still trying to bring several boulders from the ground, to replace some of the lost parts, these rocks were getting cut as well, by the multitude of semi-transparent air blades that Melindra was still sending towards Talmak.


[34] "Then let me ask you directly..." Melindra says. "Are you, or are you not planning to cast a spell on me that limits my powers?"

"What?..." Daren says. "No! Of course not! What are you even saying? Do you know how risky it would be to try and cast a spell like that on you, given the nature of your stillwater aura? You could even die from something like that. I would never even dream of casting such a spell on you!"

"You wouldn't?..." Melindra says, looking slightly taken aback.

"Listen," Daren says. "I think I'm starting to understand why you never told us about your problem. And I don't blame you. We didn't exactly start off on the best of terms, and you had no reason to trust us, just as we didn't trust you. But for what it's worth, I think you made the right call. You should not risk joining any of our battles, unless we have absolutely no other way of dealing with our enemies. Any other type of strategy would be too risky."

"I agree," Kate says. "Even if she doesn't put us in any immediate danger, a slight scratch from one of her wind blades could be all it takes for the oath to be set off, and to kill her where she stands. As long as there isn't some other sage waiting around the corner, we should be able to handle any situation by ourselves, just as we've done in the past."


[35] "Exactly," Daren says.

"Okay, I'm going to be honest," Melindra says. "This still sounds a little fishy to me. But I guess I'm going to have to trust your word, for now... I mean, I did witness with my own eyes how icey took my side, against the sage, after all..."

"Oh, you saw that..." Kate says, looking a little flustered.

"Well, technically I couldn't really turn my head, back then, so I mostly only just heard it happen, but yes..." Melindra says. "I almost thought that I was hallucinating there, for a second. Of all the people that I would have expected to attack the sage first, in that situation, Kate would have been the last on my mind."

"You... just called me by my real name..." Kate says, looking very surprised.


[36] "What's the matter, Barry?" Daren says. "Why did you stop talking?

"The hearing stat..." I say. "It's still being boosted. It was supposed to go back to its original level, after a few seconds, but for some reason, that didn't happen."

"Well, maybe your device is broken, or something," Daren says.

"I don't know..." I say. "I feel like that would be too big of a coincidence."

Suddenly, I start to hear Illuna talking with Arraka, at the back of our group.

"Arraka, are there any mages in this area left, except for us?" Illuna says.


[37] "Arraka, are there any mages in this area left, except for us?" Illuna says.


[38] What was she even talking about? Why would I know anything about any secret codes? Either way, if she's not planning to give me any more details, then there's nothing I can do.

"Was that the revenant again?" Daren asks, as he gets closer to me. "What did she want?"

"No idea," I say. "She was saying something about the stat device, and a secret code, but I don't know any codes for the stat device."

"Huh..." Daren says. "Well, if she calls again, let me know."

"Sure," I say.

As we walk for a while longer, I hear Illuna starting to talk with Arraka, at the back of our group.

"Arraka, are there any mages in this area left, except for us?" Illuna says.


[39] "Mages?" Arraka says. "No, not any mages..."

"What do you mean, not any mages?" Illuna asks her. "Are you saying that there's someone else? Monsters? Animals?"

"Maybe," Arraka says.

"You really are starting to get on my nerves, lately..." Illuna says.

Just as Illuna is done talking, I notice the fact that the wind hasn't been blowing at all, for a while. I'm also not hearing any sounds, coming from outside of our group, and now that I look a little closer around me, I notice that there are a few insects, floating in mid-air, as if they've been frozen. Oh, boy... I think I'm starting to understand what's going on, here.

Before I get to finish my train of thought, Hadrik is the one to hit the nail on the head, as he poses a question to all of us.

"So, I've been wondering about something for a while... maybe you guys can clear it up for me," Hadrik says. "Does the time look frozen to anyone else? Or is it just me?..."


[40] "Mages?" Arraka says. "Oh, yeah, there is one! It's the same guy that's been following us invisibly, from a distance, since we were at our camp this morning."

"What?!" Illuna says. "There's been someone following us since this morning? Why didn't you tell us about this?"

"Well, it's not like he has any chance of defeating any of you," Arraka says. "Even the half-lessathi could probably beat him with his hands tied behind his back. I was curious to see what his deal was, so I let him be, for a while."

"You know, you really are starting to get on my nerves, lately..." Illuna says.

Just as Illuna is done talking, I notice the fact that the wind hasn't been blowing at all, for a while. I'm also not hearing any sounds, coming from outside of our group, and now that I look a little closer around me, I notice that there are a few insects, floating in mid-air, as if they've been frozen. Oh, boy... I think I'm starting to understand what's going on, here.

Before I get to finish my train of thought, Hadrik is the one to hit the nail on the head, as he poses a question to all of us.

"So, I've been wondering about something for a while... maybe you guys can clear it up for me," Hadrik says. "Does the time look frozen to anyone else? Or is it just me?..."

