
[1] 

[2] "Master Nolderan..." Daren says, still in a state of shock. "Why didn't you tell us about the sage being in your team?"

"If I had told you this, would you have followed me here, boy?" Nolderan says.

"You should not blame him for this, healer in armor," Talmak says in a loud voice, as he puts his bottle of ale on the table in front of him. "Your old master works for me, now. He does what I tell him. But do not worry, I did not call you here to fight. I called you here because I wanted to talk. Now, come closer. All of you. I don't like it when I need to shout to make myself heard."

We all exchange a few looks, and then we get ready to traverse the large, empty area between ourselves and the sage's table, together with Nolderan. Just as we were beginning to walk, Melindra pulls both Flower and me by the arm, in order to stop us. When we look at her, we see that she has an unusually serious expression on her face.

"After I snap my fingers, I'm going to need you two to pull me out," Melindra tells us, in a low voice. "Do you understand?"


[3] All of the members of our team stop about twenty feet or so in front of the stone table, in order to make sure that we have enough space to move, in case a battle erupts between our two groups. Nolderan, of course, walks past us, and he joins his true comrades, who are currently forming a line behind the sage.

"I see that you are not willing to advance any further," Talmak says, as he takes another sip from his dwarven ale bottle. "No matter. At least you are close enough that I don't need to shout. Let's get down to business, then, shall we?"

He then puts his bottle down, and places his hands on the table, while looking at us.

"I think you may have already guessed that all of the pinecone-collecting mages outside are working for me," Talmak says. "They are all mages who have agreed to give up on participating in this tournament, and to spend the rest of their time here helping me win instead. In exchange for their services, they will be receiving generous rewards, many of them unobtainable by normal means. As you all know, when you become a sage, you receive many benefits. You also gain a lot of influence, with many people. And I can use this influence, to make people's wishes come true. Now tell me, Daren, would you not by any chance have any wishes that you would want to come true?"

"My wish is to gain access to the Magium," Daren says, with a very serious tone in his voice. "But from what I'm gathering, this is the one wish that you would not want to grant me..."


[4] "It seems that my old master truly is dead..." Daren says, as he shakes his head in disappointment. "But my ideals are not. I am sorry to say that I will be refusing your offer once more, Sage of the North."

"Surely, you must be joking..." Talmak says. "You can't seriously be thinking that you have any chance of winning this tournament by yourself, when there are four sages competing against you... There's no way that anyone can be this naive."

"He is serious," Nolderan says. "I can see it in his eyes. It's the same look that he had when he first told me why he wanted to become my disciple. It hasn't changed one bit since then..."

"No, this can't be possible..." Talmak says, in disbelief. "I refuse to believe that this is actually happening... Someone needs to wake this man up! You there! The one without any magical powers. I don't know if you're Daren's servant, or his advisor, but you seem like a man with his head on his shoulders. Try to make him see reason. Please!"


[5] "Is that so?" Talmak says, as he calms down a bit. "Well, Nolderan, I hope you won't hate me too much if I kill your old disciple. He is simply leaving me no choice, at this point."

"The boy chose this path on his own," Nolderan says. "He was given ample opportunities to see reason, but he wouldn't listen. I am sad that it has come to this, but there is no other way."

"It's good to see that you still care, master Nolderan," Daren says, with a dark look in his eyes.

"These two fools have already sealed their fate!" Talmak shouts, as he faces the other members of our team. "But the rest of you do not need to die together with them. If you join my side now, you will be allowed to live."


[6] "Don't take it personally, ice mage," Melindra says with a smirk, as she reaches Talmak's side of the table and she places herself beside him. "I did somewhat enjoy travelling with you and your group. But now it's time to move on. I'm sure that I will find other suitable candidates to escort me to Ollendor, eventually."

"Ahahahahaha!" Arraka starts to laugh all of a sudden.

"What is it that you are finding so amusing?" Illuna says.

"Don't you see?" Arraka says. "Don't you see what is going to happen?"

She then starts laughing again. The sage ignores her completely, and he resumes talking, with a loud voice.

"Well, it would appear that everyone has now chosen their side," Talmak says. "Is there anything else you might want to say, before we commence this massacre?"


[7] "I hope so..." Melindra says. "The hard part was creating it, so as long as I only need to maintain it, I should be able to-- Ugh..."

Melindra suddenly puts her hand on her forehead, as she is trying to suppress a headache.

"Are you alright?" Flower asks, worried.

"I'm fine, I just..." Melindra says, and then she pauses again, while she massages her temples. "I just used too much power all at once, that's all. As soon as I rest a bit, there should no longer be any-- Oh no..."

As Melindra was talking, a few small twisters were starting to form very close to where our friends are standing.

"No, no, no!" Melindra says, as she panics. "I can't stop the cyclones! I can't stop them from forming! I need to undo them all, quick!"

"Just make sure not to also undo the big one by... accident," I say, but before I got to finish the sentence, the big twister was already gone, along with all the small ones.


[8] "You owe it to the stillwater girl, up there in the sky," Talmak says. "You see, I've always been fascinated by the stillwater legends, but I've never really had the chance to see one up close. I've always wanted to study them, and to find out what the source of their power was, but the idea that I would ever have the chance to capture one alive seemed so unlikely, that I never even dared to dream that it might happen. And yet here I am, only a few dozen feet away from an unconscious stillwater, with the only thing standing in my way being that blasted impenetrable cage."


[9] As Hadrik heads over to Daren, Talmak ignores him completely, and he uses his platform to come back up to my level. It seems that this time, I've finally gotten his undivided attention.

The sage begins to create even more rocks than before, and he keeps throwing them at me, one after the other. However, his aim seems a little worse than before. It would appear that he isn't able to concentrate as well as he'd want to, when he is this angry.


[10] "Watch your tongue, healer in armor!" Talmak shouts. "Who do you think you're talking to?"

"He does kind of have a point, though," I say, in a loud voice, to make sure that Daren can hear me. "If you really are the strongest earth elementalist of our time, like they say, shouldn't you be able to win against us without these petty tricks? They don't let you fly into the air while you're fighting in the yearly sage contests, do they? So why are you doing that now? Is it because you're afraid of Daren?"

"What did you just say?..." Talmak says.

"He's asking if you're afraid of me, Talmak," Daren shouts. "Answer the man's question, will you?"

"This insolence is going to cost you, healer," Talmak says. "I don't care what the legends say about you. I'm going to pound you into the ground and show you what happens when you mock a sage!"

He then quickly brings his floating platform to the ground, with a loud thud, as he steps off it, and begins to approach Daren. I fly towards them as well, and then I land on the ground, in order to get a better view of the fight.


[11] "Could we perhaps continue this argument at a more opportune moment?" the elf says, with a forced smile. "See, if I hadn't shielded you just now, you would have all been dead, already."

"As if!" the banshee says. "Maybe these fools would have died, but I was well aware of those icicles, and was already preparing to dodge them."

"Is that why you haven't even moved an inch, when you were attacked, despite not knowing about my invisible barrier?" the elf says, still forcing himself to smile.

"Shut up," the banshee says, looking a little flustered. "I obviously knew about the barrier!"

"Of course you did..." the elf says. "Listen, just ask your question, quickly, so we can finally start murdering each other, will you?" 

"You there, in the ice dome!" the banshee shouts at us. "I have a question for you. What is the name of the banshee in the amulet?"


[12] "That banshee from the amulet that you called Arraka..." the black-haired banshee starts to ask Illuna, while ignoring the elf. "How old is she, exactly? Do you happen to know if she's been around for more than a thousand years? Perhaps even five thousand?"

"Oh, I've been living for quite a bit more than five thousand years, little girl," Arraka says. "But I think we should both stop beating around the bush. What is it that you want to ask of me, exactly?"

"I will ask you this directly, then," the banshee says, with a dark look in her eyes. "Did you, or did you not cause the banishment of all banshees from the magical realm five thousand years ago?"


[13] While she is still busy reinforcing the ice dome, Kate shoots a few more icicles at the dwarves, but this time, the projectiles get stopped even further up in the air, by what seems to be a small, flat, semi-transparent barrier, that the elf conjured to intercept them. The elf smiles at Kate, from a distance, which makes Kate frown at him, as she turns her head to Leila and me.

"If either of you could keep some of those three mages busy, while I attack them, it would be highly appreciated..." Kate says.


[14] "Right..." I say, as I begin to attack him, along with Leila.

While we're dealing with the elf, I can't help but notice that the sky above us is currently filled with big, floating rocks, which Talmak is using to chase Hadrik around, in his eagle form. It looks like Hadrik is at a bit of a disadvantage when fighting aerial battles, due to the fact that the flying creatures which he can morph into are too weak, compared to his regular dwarf form, and he needs to switch back to being a dwarf every time he wants to smash one of the rocks into pieces.

Somewhere below, at a much lower altitude, Illuna and Flower are still busy fighting the black-haired banshee, in mid-flight, although they seem to be very evenly matched, and neither of them has managed to do any significant damage to the other. Flower and Illuna may have the upper hand, in terms of raw power, because there are two of them, but the banshee working for the sage is making good use of the multitude of spells she has at her disposal to compensate for her disadvantage.


[15] "The sage?" I ask him. "Not you?"

"I am only in charge of defense," the elf says. "I have no spells that could help me fight you in any way. I'm just going to keep this barrier up until you either tire yourselves out, or get bored. You won't be able to break it anytime soon at this rate."

"Right..." I say, as I begin to attack him, along with Leila.

While we're dealing with the elf, I can't help but notice that the sky above us is currently filled with big, floating rocks, which Talmak is using to chase Hadrik around, in his eagle form. It looks like Hadrik is at a bit of a disadvantage when fighting aerial battles, due to the fact that the flying creatures which he can morph into are too weak, compared to his regular dwarf form, and he needs to switch back to being a dwarf every time he wants to smash one of the rocks into pieces.

Somewhere below, at a much lower altitude, Illuna and Flower are still busy fighting the black-haired banshee, in mid-flight, although they seem to be very evenly matched, and neither of them has managed to do any significant damage to the other. Flower and Illuna may have the upper hand, in terms of raw power, because there are two of them, but the banshee working for the sage is making good use of the multitude of spells she has at her disposal to compensate for her disadvantage.


[16] While we're dealing with the elf, I can't help but notice that the sky above us is currently filled with big, floating rocks, which Talmak is using to chase Hadrik around, in his eagle form. It looks like Hadrik is at a bit of a disadvantage when fighting aerial battles, due to the fact that the flying creatures which he can morph into are too weak, compared to his regular dwarf form, and he needs to switch back to being a dwarf every time he wants to smash one of the rocks into pieces.

Somewhere below, at a much lower altitude, Illuna and Flower are still busy fighting the black-haired banshee, in mid-flight, although they seem to be very evenly matched, and neither of them has managed to do any significant damage to the other. Flower and Illuna may have the upper hand, in terms of raw power, because there are two of them, but the banshee working for the sage is making good use of the multitude of spells she has at her disposal to compensate for her disadvantage.


[17] "I am only in charge of defense," the elf says. "I have no spells that could help me fight you in any way. I'm just going to keep this barrier up until you either tire yourselves out, or get bored. You won't be able to break it anytime soon at this rate."

"Right..." I say, as I continue to attack him.

While we're dealing with the elf, I can't help but notice that the sky above us is currently filled with big, floating rocks, which Talmak is using to chase Hadrik around, in his eagle form. It looks like Hadrik is at a bit of a disadvantage when fighting aerial battles, due to the fact that the flying creatures which he can morph into are too weak, compared to his regular dwarf form, and he needs to switch back to being a dwarf every time he wants to smash one of the rocks into pieces.

Somewhere below, at a much lower altitude, Illuna and Flower are still busy fighting the black-haired banshee, in mid-flight, although they seem to be very evenly matched, and neither of them has managed to do any significant damage to the other. Flower and Illuna may have the upper hand, in terms of raw power, because there are two of them, but the banshee working for the sage is making good use of the multitude of spells she has at her disposal to compensate for her disadvantage.


[18] "He does kind of have a point, though," I say, in a loud voice, to make sure that Talmak can hear me. "If you really are the strongest earth elementalist of our time, like they say, shouldn't you be able to win against us without these petty tricks? They don't let you fly into the air while you're fighting in the yearly sage contests, do they? So why are you doing that now? Is it because you're afraid of Daren?"

"What did you just say?..." Talmak says.

"He's asking if you're afraid of me, Talmak," Daren shouts. "Answer the man's question, will you?"

"This insolence is going to cost you, healer," Talmak says. "I don't care what the legends say about you. I'm going to pound you into the ground and show you what happens when you mock a sage!"

He then quickly brings his floating platform to the ground, with a loud thud, as he steps off it, and begins to approach Daren, who is now completely healed.


[19] "Don't let him stab you with that sword!" Nolderan shouts. "He has a technique that can sever your link to the magical plane!"

As Daren makes a rush towards Talmak, the sage touches the ground with his hand while he's still lying on his back, and then the earth immediately begins to shake with such power that it makes us all fall to the ground. While the earthquake is still going, Talmak raises himself to the air with yet another floating platform, while the earth below our feet is shaking so violently, that it's beginning to crack.

"Damn it, he's cheating again!" I say, as I look at the sage flying off in the sky.

"I think we may be having some bigger problems to deal with, at the moment," Daren says, as he's struggling to get back on his feet, due to the violent earthquake.

Soon, the cracks in the ground grow larger, and the earth itself starts to split in half, creating a large, bottomless chasm right in front of our eyes. And as if this weren't enough, large chunks of rock are now being pulled from under our feet, leaving us with no ground to stand on, and sending us falling into the great abyss below.


[20] "Okay!" Flower says. "Follow me, banshee! This way!"

She then propels herself in the direction opposite to the golem, with her fire jets, as the black-haired banshee rushes to follow her. When Flower is safely out of the way, Melindra casts a spell, and suddenly we can see hundreds of sharp looking blades made of wind rotate around her, at great speed. The wind blades are likely sharpened in the same way that Illuna or Kate sharpen their own elements, and they are mostly transparent, except for when the light of the sun shines on them.

While Melindra is raising herself higher up, the giant made of stone begins to move forward, at a slow pace, and the sage's henchmen are now hurrying to get out of the golem's way, so that they won't get stepped on.

All of a sudden, Melindra loses control of one of her wind blades, which flies at an incredible speed right into the ground in front of us, cutting through it as if it were made from paper.

"Damn..." Daren says, as he looks at the hole in the ground left by the blade from earlier. "I really hope that my barrier is strong enough to protect us from one of these, if it hits us..."


[21] A few stray blades also hit Daren's barrier, during this time, but it seems to be holding well, for now.

When he realizes that there's no way his regular rocks can withstand Melindra's bombardment, Talmak quickly creates a wall in front of him, and then he uses his magic to fortify it as much as he can.

"Delvram!" the sage shouts at his elf companion. "Get us out of here, now! We won't last for another minute at this rate!"


[22] A few stray blades also hit Daren's barrier, during this time, but it seems to be holding well, for now. There's also the fact that Daren managed to catch one or two wind blades with his sword, so there wasn't as much strain on the barrier as there could have been.

When he realizes that there's no way his regular rocks can withstand Melindra's bombardment, Talmak quickly creates a wall in front of him, and then he uses his magic to fortify it as much as he can.

"Delvram!" the sage shouts at his elf companion. "Get us out of here, now! We won't last for another minute at this rate!"


[23] She then turns to Melindra, with a hesitant look in her eyes.

"And I'd like to say that I'm... sorry for misinterpreting some of your intentions in the past few days," Kate says. "I understand now that you were only trying to look out for yourself, and that you meant us no harm."

"Barry, what did you do to them?" Melindra asks me, while looking somewhat terrified. "They're not acting like themselves! Does your stat device have some mind-affecting spell that I don't know of?"

"They're just trying to be nice, Melindra," I say. "There's no need to act so shocked about it. Also, could we maybe move away from this camp? I have a feeling that we're going to start getting attacked by a hundred pinecone-collecting underlings if we stay in this place much longer..."


[24] "I suppose I did, icey," Melindra says, with a slight smile. "I suppose I did..."

"So, which way are we headed?" Daren says.

"We'll go straight ahead for another few hours, until we reach a small lake," Melindra says. "We'll take a break there, and then I'll show you the rest of the way."


[25] "Mages?" Arraka says. "No, not any mages..."

"What do you mean, not any mages?" Illuna asks her. "Are you saying that there's someone else? Monsters? Animals?"

"Maybe," Arraka says.

"You really are starting to get on my nerves, lately..." Illuna says.

Just as Illuna is done talking, I notice the fact that the wind hasn't been blowing at all, for a while. I'm also not hearing any sounds, coming from outside of our group, and now that I look a little closer around me, I notice that there are a few insects, floating in mid-air, as if they've been frozen. Oh, boy... I think I'm starting to understand what's going on, here.

Before I get to finish my train of thought, Hadrik is the one to hit the nail on the head, as he poses a question to all of us.

"So, I've been wondering about something for a while... maybe you guys can clear it up for me," Hadrik says. "Does the time look frozen to anyone else? Or is it just me?..."


[26] "Mages?" Arraka says. "Oh, yeah, there is one! It's the same guy that's been following us invisibly, from a distance, since we were at our camp this morning."

"What?!" Illuna says. "There's been someone following us since this morning? Why didn't you tell us about this?"

"Well, it's not like he has any chance of defeating any of you," Arraka says. "Even the half-lessathi could probably beat him with his hands tied behind his back. I was curious to see what his deal was, so I let him be, for a while."

"You know, you really are starting to get on my nerves, lately..." Illuna says.

Just as Illuna is done talking, I notice the fact that the wind hasn't been blowing at all, for a while. I'm also not hearing any sounds, coming from outside of our group, and now that I look a little closer around me, I notice that there are a few insects, floating in mid-air, as if they've been frozen. Oh, boy... I think I'm starting to understand what's going on, here.

Before I get to finish my train of thought, Hadrik is the one to hit the nail on the head, as he poses a question to all of us.

"So, I've been wondering about something for a while... maybe you guys can clear it up for me," Hadrik says. "Does the time look frozen to anyone else? Or is it just me?..."

