
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] "Do not worry, your highness," Albert says. "I will have a talk with him later, in order to straighten things out. I assure you that it will not happen again."

"Very well," the king says. "In that case, you are all dismissed. Feel free to contact me at any time if you have anything important to tell me. I will be here in my throne room, for the rest of the day."

"Duly noted," Daren says. "Come on, let's go back to the waiting room." 

"Well, that was.... quite the talk," Hadrik says, as soon as we exit the throne room.

"Indeed," Daren says, as we are making our way back to the waiting room. "It's going to be interesting to see how things will develop from here on out, that's for sure."

"Do you think they might try to get rid of us?" Hadrik says.

"I highly doubt that they would," Daren says in a low voice, as he makes sure that Peter and Albert are not within hearing range of us. "Especially since they suspect us of being Eiden's allies. They'd have to be completely mad to risk making him into their enemy without any reason at all. Still, I suggest that we continue this conversation once we get back to the waiting room, because I don't like looking over my shoulder every few seconds to make sure that I'm not being spied on."

Once we arrive in the waiting room, we wait until Peter and Albert are no longer in sight, and then we resume our talk, in a low enough voice that the other people present in the room cannot hear us.


[3] "Hey, Kate, don't be like that!" Daren says. "Come on!"

Kate doesn't react in any way and she continues to walk forward, with Melindra following closely behind her, until the two of them disappear into one of the corridors leading out of the waiting room.

"Yeah, I don't think Kate wants us to cooperate with the king of the underground," Daren says.

"It's no wonder," Illuna says. "She more or less openly declared that she doesn't trust him at all only a few minutes ago. Obviously, she's not going to be thrilled at the idea of us maintaining our alliance with him."

"Yeah, but I wasn't saying we should become buddies with him or anything," Daren says. "I was just suggesting that we could try to keep the alliance going for a little while longer, until we figure out if we're actually benefiting from it or not..."

"Maybe we should give her some time," Hadrik says. "She might change her mind once she clears her head a little."


[4] "Did you manage to unlock all of the aura stats?"

"Yes, the Magical Sense, Bluff and Aura Hardening stats should all be available to you once your device starts working again," Leila's father says. "Also, I think I should let you know that the stat devices are made in such a way that your stat point distribution gets automatically reset when you unlock the hidden aura stats. In other words, as soon as your device starts working again, your stats will all be at zero, and you will have all of your available points to spend at your leisure once more."

"Wow, that's amazing!" I say. "Does this mean that it's possible to reset the stats multiple times, if you hide the aura stats and then unlock them again?"

"To be quite honest, I wouldn't risk it," Leila's father says. "These devices are very old, and a full stat reset puts a lot of strain on them. That's the reason why you aren't given the option to just remove points from your stats at will after you've already spent them. The only reason why I even let the stat reset happen is because I wasn't given a choice in the matter, but trying to reset your stats multiple times on purpose may well cause some of your points to become unusable, or it may even cause your stat device to stop working altogether. My advice is to be happy that no damage was done with this reset, and to be very careful when you choose what stats to level up from now on, because you likely won't be getting another chance like this again."

"Got it," I say. "Anything else that I should know about?"


[5] "How long should it normally take until it starts working again?"

"It probably won't take any more than a few hours," Leila's father says. "You'll know when it becomes usable again, because it will notify you with a long beep. Also, I think I should let you know that the stat devices are made in such a way that your stat point distribution gets automatically reset when you unlock the hidden aura stats. In other words, as soon as your device starts working again, your stats will all be at zero, and you will have all of your available points to spend at your leisure once more." 

"Wow, that's amazing!" I say. "Does this mean that it's possible to reset the stats multiple times, if you hide the aura stats and then unlock them again?"

"To be quite honest, I wouldn't risk it," Leila's father says. "These devices are very old, and a full stat reset puts a lot of strain on them. That's the reason why you aren't given the option to just remove points from your stats at will after you've already spent them. The only reason why I even let the stat reset happen is because I wasn't given a choice in the matter, but trying to reset your stats multiple times on purpose may well cause some of your points to become unusable, or it may even cause your stat device to stop working altogether. My advice is to be happy that no damage was done with this reset, and to be very careful when you choose what stats to level up from now on, because you likely won't be getting another chance like this again."

"Got it," I say. "Anything else that I should know about?"


[6] "Are there any unwanted side-effects that I should be worrying about?"

"None that I can think of," Leila's father says. "However, there is a side-effect that I think you might find beneficial. The stat devices are made in such a way that your stat point distribution gets automatically reset when you unlock the hidden aura stats. In other words, as soon as your device starts working again, your stats will all be at zero, and you will have all of your available points to spend at your leisure once more."

"Wow, that's amazing!" I say. "Does this mean that it's possible to reset the stats multiple times, if you hide the aura stats and then unlock them again?"

"To be quite honest, I wouldn't risk it," Leila's father says. "These devices are very old, and a full stat reset puts a lot of strain on them. That's the reason why you aren't given the option to just remove points from your stats at will after you've already spent them. The only reason why I even let the stat reset happen is because I wasn't given a choice in the matter, but trying to reset your stats multiple times on purpose may well cause some of your points to become unusable, or it may even cause your stat device to stop working altogether. My advice is to be happy that no damage was done with this reset, and to be very careful when you choose what stats to level up from now on, because you likely won't be getting another chance like this again."

"Got it," I say. "Anything else that I should know about?"


[7] "Barry, what are you doing?..." Melindra says, as her voice echoes throughout the tunnel.

When I hear her, I panic, and I instinctively try to hide in one of the side tunnels, but it doesn't take me long to realize that this isn't exactly one of my brightest ideas.

"Barry, you do realize that I could sense you approaching us from the first moment you entered this corridor, right?" Melindra says. "How could you possibly think even for a second that trying to sneak up on us would be a good idea?..."

"Okay, I'll admit that this wasn't really one of my best plans," I say, as I step back into the main tunnel and start getting closer to them. "But still, I didn't expect to actually run into you here! Where are you two going?"

"Where does it look like we're going?" Melindra says. "Really, Barry, if you were smart enough to find us, it shouldn't be that hard for you to figure out what we're trying to do."

"Yes, but why?" I say, as I finally reach them. "If you wanted to have a talk with the Overseer before the king of the underground's men had a chance to do it, then why go by yourselves? Why didn't you try to at least talk to us about any of this?"


[8] "Don't be like that, icey!" Melindra says. "You know full well that what you really wanted was for him to come with us!"

"No, I didn't!" Kate says.

"Of course you did," Melindra says. "If you really wanted him to not come with us, we could have easily hidden in one of the side tunnels, back when I first detected him, and he would have never found us. But you never even suggested that we do such a thing. Now, why is that, I wonder?"

"I... just didn't think about it, that's all..." Kate says, in a hesitant tone.

"Oh?" Melindra says, with a smug smile on her face. "Is that why you kept turning your head towards every side-tunnel that we passed since I told you that Barry was following us? Because you weren't thinking about it?"

"Shut up..." Kate says.

"It's okay to be honest with yourself every once in a while, you know," Melindra says, still smiling smugly. "Look, it's easy. Just repeat after me: 'I wanted Barry to come with us to the surface'. Come on, you can do it! I believe in you!"

"I am going to hit you..." Kate says.

"Is it me, or are you two getting along a little better than usual?" I say.

"What are you talking about?" Kate says, as she raises an eyebrow. "When have the two of us not been getting along?"

"Uhh... on the very first day that we began traveling together, for example?..." I say.


[9] "Sure you can come! The more, the merrier!"

"Actually, we're trying to sneak past the guards, not to fight them, so having a smaller team is preferable," Melindra says. "But Leila is good at stealth, so it shouldn't be a problem. Welcome aboard!"

"Glad to be of service!" Leila writes.

"Should I take it that you already know what's going on, then?" I say.

"Yeah, I kind of got that figured out the moment I sensed Kate and Melindra's presence in the tunnel," Leila writes. "It's not like there could have been that many reasons for them to want to go outside in the first place."

"I'm sorry, Leila..." Kate says. "I didn't mean to take you away from your father after you've only just been reunited with him."


[10] "Wait, how did you know where to find us?"

"I caught a glimpse of you heading into this tunnel in a hurry while I was following my father towards his workshop, so I figured that something must have gone wrong," Leila writes. "I wasn't sure if I should go after you at first, but I eventually made up my mind and told my father that we'd need to schedule my stat booster's maintenance for some other time, so that I could catch up to you in time."

"Should I take it that you already know what's going on, then?" I say.

"Yeah, I kind of got that figured out the moment I sensed Kate and Melindra's presence in the tunnel," Leila writes. "It's not like there could have been that many reasons for them to want to go outside in the first place."

"I'm sorry, Leila..." Kate says. "I didn't mean to take you away from your father after you've only just been reunited with him."


[11] "Have you been listening to us this whole time?"

"Not the whole time, but I did hear what you've been saying in the past minute or so," Leila writes.

"Should I take it that you already know what's going on, then?" I say.

"Yeah, I kind of got that figured out the moment I sensed Kate and Melindra's presence in the tunnel," Leila writes. "It's not like there could have been that many reasons for them to want to go outside in the first place."

"I'm sorry, Leila..." Kate says. "I didn't mean to take you away from your father after you've only just been reunited with him."


[12] "I came here of my own accord," Breynan says. "I followed you all here because I wanted to join you. Look... you're aiming to speak to the Overseer, right? Well, I'm the one who's interacted the most with him out of everyone in this place. I know how he thinks! There are many ways in which I can assist you if you decide to take me with you. I can help you find the green-eyed metal balls faster. I can also find a good enough excuse that will convince Barry to teleport us to the surface without making him suspicious. The only thing I ask in return is for you to let me be the one to talk first with the Overseer."

"And how do we know that you won't just leak our entire conversation with the Overseer to your king when we get back?" Kate says.

"I won't tell the king anything, I swear!" Breynan says. "I know how things might look like from an outsider's perspective, but not all of us rebels are completely subservient to the king of the underground. Some of us still have our pride. I won't let the king walk all over me like he does with Peter and Albert every day. The king knew full well that it was very important for me to participate in these negotiations with the Overseer, but he forbade me to go, simply because he wanted to show me that he's the one in charge. If that's the way things are going to be, then I no longer feel the need to obey all of his orders. I will make my own decisions, based on what I think is right, even if it means risking my position and status in this underground society."


[13] "Shouldn't we at least let Daren know where we're going?"

"That might be a good idea," Leila writes. "If something goes wrong and we take too much time to come back, he should at least know what's going on."

"If we're going to tell Daren about this, we're going to need to make sure that nobody around him hears what we're talking about," Kate says. "We wouldn't want anyone to inform the king of our plans."

"Don't worry, I got this," I say, as I pull out my transceiver and switch it to Daren's frequency.

"Hey, Daren, can you hear us?" I say.

"Yeah, Barry," Daren says. "What's going on?"

"Could you lower the volume of your transceiver to its minimum level, and then place it next to your ear?" I say.

"Uh... okay," Daren says. "Give me a sec."

There is a short pause before we hear Daren's voice again.

"Alright, it's done," Daren says.

"Good," I say. "Now make sure that you don't overreact to anything I'm going to say, and that you only use vague words when answering me, so that you won't give away the topic of our conversation. Okay, are you ready?"


[14] "Alright, let's move."

"Breynan, there is a question that I forgot to ask you earlier," Kate says, shortly after we begin making our way towards the teleporter room. "If you were already planning to go behind the king's back and to meet with the Overseer by yourself, why didn't you go alone? Why did you prefer to join up with us?"

"I don't typically go alone on missions, so if I suddenly asked to go out there by myself, I was afraid that it might seem a little suspicious," Breynan says. "Despite my looks, I am not really much of a fighter. I like to carry this sword around with me, but I only use it when absolutely necessary. Usually I'm more of an illusion casting kind of guy, with a bit of healing on the side. That's why my plan is to pretend that I'm taking you all outside in order to teach you the usual guard patrol routes, so we can better cooperate in the future when we go on missions together."

"You think the teleporter guy will buy that story?" I say.

"You mean Barry?" Breynan says. "He'll buy it, don't worry. Just let me do all the talking and we'll be fine."


[15] "Breynan, there is a question that I forgot to ask you earlier," Kate says, shortly after we begin making our way towards the teleporter room. "If you were already planning to go behind the king's back and to meet with the Overseer by yourself, why didn't you go alone? Why did you prefer to join up with us?"

"I don't typically go alone on missions, so if I suddenly asked to go out there by myself, I was afraid that it might seem a little suspicious," Breynan says. "Despite my looks, I am not really much of a fighter. I like to carry this sword around with me, but I only use it when absolutely necessary. Usually I'm more of an illusion casting kind of guy, with a bit of healing on the side. That's why my plan is to pretend that I'm taking you all outside in order to teach you the usual guard patrol routes, so we can better cooperate in the future when we go on missions together."

"You think the teleporter guy will buy that story?" I say.

"You mean Barry?" Breynan says. "He'll buy it, don't worry. Just let me do all the talking and we'll be fine."


[16] "This area is very rarely patrolled, so we use it as our regular teleportation spot when we want to get to the surface," Breynan says. "Come with me. I'll show you how you can track down one of those green-eyed metal balls in a matter of minutes, if you know how to look for them."

"What happened during the accident that your friend spoke of earlier?" Kate says, as we all move to follow Breynan. "When he said 'Desmond', was he referring to the same Desmond that now guards the door outside the quarantine zone?"


[17] "Melindra, you're not sensing any of the royal guards nearby, right?"

"None of the ones we've met so far, at least," Melindra says. "I haven't met the others, so I couldn't say for sure that there are no royal guards around, but I'm not sensing any powerful mages nearby, so I think we should be in the clear."

"Overseer protocol now initiated," the metal ball says, and then the tone of its metallic voice suddenly becomes more expressive. "Hello, Breynan. How may I be of assistance to you today?"

"You know why we came here, you old rust bucket," Breynan says. "You're the one who invited us! Now tell us why you did it!"

"The Overseer protocol does not recall making such an invitation," the Overseer says. "Perhaps you are confused. If you are willing to tell me which event you were invited to, I would be more than happy to lead you to the correct location."

"Looks like he's playing dumb again," Melindra says.

"Or maybe he's telling us that we're not the ones he invited here, and that he's only willing to speak to the official representatives of the king of the underground," Kate says.


[18] "Let's hope that we'll have more luck getting useful information out of it than Eiden."

"I don't think we're in the same situation as Eiden," Kate says. "The Overseer seemed like it was actually asking for a meeting with the rebels, so at the very least I'd say it should be interested in talking to Breynan."

"Overseer protocol now initiated," the metal ball says, and then the tone of its metallic voice suddenly becomes more expressive. "Hello, Breynan. How may I be of assistance to you today?"

"You know why we came here, you old rust bucket," Breynan says. "You're the one who invited us! Now tell us why you did it!"

"The Overseer protocol does not recall making such an invitation," the Overseer says. "Perhaps you are confused. If you are willing to tell me which event you were invited to, I would be more than happy to lead you to the correct location."

"Looks like he's playing dumb again," Melindra says.

"Or maybe he's telling us that we're not the ones he invited here, and that he's only willing to speak to the official representatives of the king of the underground," Kate says.


[19] "Breynan, remember that we will have questions to ask too, so don't take too long."

"I know, I know," Breynan says. "I'll try to keep it short."

"Overseer protocol now initiated," the metal ball says, and then the tone of its metallic voice suddenly becomes more expressive. "Hello, Breynan. How may I be of assistance to you today?"

"You know why we came here, you old rust bucket," Breynan says. "You're the one who invited us! Now tell us why you did it!"

"The Overseer protocol does not recall making such an invitation," the Overseer says. "Perhaps you are confused. If you are willing to tell me which event you were invited to, I would be more than happy to lead you to the correct location."

"Looks like he's playing dumb again," Melindra says.

"Or maybe he's telling us that we're not the ones he invited here, and that he's only willing to speak to the official representatives of the king of the underground," Kate says.


[20] "What about the king?" Leila writes. "You keep mentioning the security of the palace, but never that of the king. Is the king in a more vulnerable position now than he was before?"

The Overseer does not answer Leila, and he simply keeps hovering in the air, in complete silence.

"I don't think he can read your writing, Leila," I say. "Hey, Overseer! Leila asked if the king of Ollendor is in a more vulnerable position now than he was before."

"Affirmative," the Overseer says. "The king is indeed in a more vulnerable position than before, as a result of Eiden's arrival in the city."

"How so?" Breynan asks.


[21] "Why are you helping us assassinate your own king?"

"The Overseer protocol's only purpose is to provide assistance," the Overseer says.

"Okay, I get that," I say. "But you just provided us with assistance against your own master. Don't you think it would have helped the king if you didn't give us this information?"

"Question unclear," the Overseer says. "Unfortunately, the Overseer protocol cannot provide you with a correct answer if your question is too vague. Please rephrase your previous query."

"How was that unclear?..." I say. "That question was as direct as they come!"

The Overseer says nothing, and it just continues to hover above the ground, in silence.

"You're not going to get anything else out of him," Breynan tells me. "He's just going to keep repeating 'Question unclear' until you give up. It's the standard phrase that he always uses when he doesn't want to answer someone's question."

"So that's how it's going to be, then..." I say. 


[22] "Why did you interrupt your conversation with Eiden all of a sudden, earlier today?"

"The Overseer protocol does not recall having interrupted any conversation with Eiden today," the Overseer says. "Could you please be more specific?"

"You know what conversation I'm talking about..." I say. "It's the one where Eiden kept questioning you about your true motives. Right at the end, Eiden asked you what you were truly after, and then you cut him off by giving him an automated answer. Why did you stop the discussion there?"

"Question unclear," the Overseer says. "Unfortunately, the Overseer protocol cannot provide you with a correct answer if your question is too vague. Please rephrase your previous query."

"How was that unclear?..." I say. "That question was as direct as they come!"

The Overseer says nothing, and it just continues to hover above the ground, in silence.

"You're not going to get anything else out of him," Breynan tells me. "He's just going to keep repeating 'Question unclear' until you give up. It's the standard phrase that he always uses when he doesn't want to answer someone's question."
 
"So that's how it's going to be, then..." I say. 


[23] "Yes, can you stop calling us Felran?"

"Unfortunately, changing your group's designation is not possible at this time," the Overseer says. "We apologize for the inconvenience."

"Of course," I say. "I don't know why I was expecting anything different."


[24] "Yes, can you stop calling us Cutthroat Dave?"

"Unfortunately, changing your group's designation is not possible at this time," the Overseer says. "We apologize for the inconvenience."

"Of course," I say. "I don't know why I was expecting anything different."


[25] "Yes, can you stop calling us Barry?"

"Unfortunately, changing your group's designation is not possible at this time," the Overseer says. "We apologize for the inconvenience."

"Of course," I say. "I don't know why I was expecting anything different."


[26] "Yes, can you stop calling us Unidentified?"

"Unfortunately, changing your group's designation is not possible at this time," the Overseer says. "We apologize for the inconvenience."

"Of course," I say. "I don't know why I was expecting anything different."


[27] "Yes, can you stop calling us Daren?"

"Unfortunately, changing your group's designation is not possible at this time," the Overseer says. "We apologize for the inconvenience."

"Of course," I say. "I don't know why I was expecting anything different."


[28] "We can't!" says one of the men, in a trembling voice. "The man in black robes told us that we need to make sure you don't leave the alley. He said he'll kill our families if we don't listen to him. We can't let you pass!"

"You don't have to do this!" Breynan says, as he tries to slowly approach him. "Come with us, and we'll shelter you and your families in the underground tunnels below the city. I am with the rebels. I can keep them safe!"

"Stay back!" the man with the trembling voice says, as he swings his dagger towards Breynan. "Don't come any closer! I'm warning you!"

"We don't have time for this," Kate says, and then she conjures several tall bars of ice between us and the men in rags, in order to block them from reaching us.

"What are you doing?" Breynan says. "Now they have us right where they want us."

"No, they don't," Kate says, as she's now conjuring an ice platform right below our feet. "If we can't get past them, then we'll just need to fly over them."


[29] Just from a glance, I can tell that these men have never held a blade before in their lives. Even without my stats, I should be able to deal with them easily.

I waste no time and I use my dagger to stab the man in front of me in the leg. I then kick him in the stomach and make him fall on his back, as I quickly pull the crossbow out of my backpack and begin shooting the men behind me in their legs as well, in order to immobilize them.

Just as the three men who were trying to flank us are falling to the ground, the man that I stabbed earlier recovers much faster than I anticipated, and he immediately dashes at me with his knife held firmly in his hands.

I quickly shoot him in the other leg, in order to try and slow his momentum, but before he falls to the ground, the man still manages to stab me in the left side of my abdomen. 

"Looks like you could use some healing," Breynan tells me, as I am pressing my hand against my wound in order to stop it from bleeding too hard, while the man that stabbed me is screaming in pain on the ground, unable to get back up.


[30] Just from a glance, I can tell that these men have never held a blade before in their lives. Even without my stats, I should be able to deal with them easily.

I waste no time and I use my dagger to stab the man in front of me in the leg. I then kick him in the stomach and make him fall on his back, as I quickly pull the crossbow out of my backpack and begin shooting the men behind me in their legs as well, in order to immobilize them.

Just as the three men who were trying to flank us are falling to the ground, the man that I stabbed earlier recovers much faster than I anticipated, and he immediately dashes at me with his knife held firmly in his hands.

I quickly realize that simply shooting him in the leg will not prevent me from getting stabbed, so I panic, and I use my crossbow to fire a bolt straight into the man's chest. Upon getting shot, my attacker drops his dagger and he tries to pull the crossbow bolt out with his bare hands, but he quickly loses the strength from both his arms and legs and he falls flat on the ground. After failing to get back up a few times, the man in rags finally stops moving and he slowly succumbs to his death. As I take a look around, I see that both Breynan and Leila have managed to knock out their adversaries, and they are now approaching me.


[31] Just from a glance, I can tell that these men have never held a blade before in their lives. Even without my stats, I should be able to deal with them easily.

I waste no time and I use my dagger to stab the man in front of me in the lower side of his abdomen. I then kick him in the stomach and make him fall on his back, as I quickly pull the crossbow out of my backpack and shoot all the men behind me in their heads, killing them in a matter of seconds. 

Just as the three men who were trying to flank us are falling to the ground, the man that I stabbed earlier recovers much faster than I anticipated, and he immediately dashes at me with his knife held firmly in his hands.

Luckily, I react fast enough, and I use my crossbow to fire a bolt straight into the man's chest. Upon getting shot, my attacker drops his dagger and he tries to pull the crossbow bolt out with his bare hands, but he quickly loses the strength from both his arms and legs and he falls flat on the ground. After failing to get back up a few times, the man in rags finally stops moving and he slowly succumbs to his death. As I take a look around, I see that both Breynan and Leila have managed to knock out their adversaries, and they are now approaching me.


[32] "We have to find a place where we can calm down, so we can teleport back to our base," Breynan says, as we are now quickly moving through a large empty street with many alleyway entrances on its sides. "For now, let's try to get as far away from here as possible."

"We still haven't figured out who cast the dizziness spell on Kate," Melindra says. "As long as they are still around, we're not safe."

"We don't need to be safe," Breynan says. "We just need to be calm enough for the teleporter to be able to lock onto our auras."

"Okay," Melindra says. "In that case, I could try to fly us all away from here, so we can--"

"No, we can't risk flying," Breynan says. "The metal balls patrolling the skies will begin attacking us as soon as you do that. Their orders are to prioritize aerial targets above all else."

"Well, we can't risk a fight with the guards either!" Melindra says. "Kate is still unable to concentrate on her spells, I can't attack any of the locals, and Barry's stat device is not working. Do you seriously think that you and Leila will be able to hold off the royal guards all by yourselves?"

"As long as we can get far enough away from here, there will be no need for a fight," Breynan says. "We just need to reach the end of this street, and then we can--"


[33] "I didn't spend two whole years mastering this weapon just so I could act as a glorified lookout," the first man says. "Today, I'm going to show all of the royal guards what I am capable of, and you two are going to help me!"

"Not like we have much of a choice at this point," Derek says. "Let's get this over with."

"Get ready!" Breynan tells us.

Kate does not wait for the men to attack, and she sends several icicles towards the guy behind us. The trainee quickly thrusts his trident into the ground, and a wall of rock raises itself from the pavement in front of him, blocking all of the projectiles that were about to hit him. The man then raises his trident from the ground, and the wall crumbles to pieces. 

At the same time, the man on the rooftop raises his sword, and he begins to slowly lift himself in the air, while the man in front of us points his glove in our direction, and a beam of fire comes out of it, heading straight for our group.

Kate immediately makes a wall of ice in front of us which shields us from the flames, but as soon as the fire is gone, the wall quickly disappears and Kate puts her hand on her forehead, trying once again to suppress the effects of her headache. All of a sudden, Breynan hits the ground with his staff, and a very bright white light fills the area next to us. When the light disappears, we see that three manticores have now appeared out of nowhere and that they are already taking to the air, each of them heading for a different target.


[34] "I'm on it!" I say, and then I fly up high in the sky, in order to make sure that I can get over Melindra's invisible barrier so that I can start shooting at the man with the trident.

As I get past the barrier, I position myself somewhere above the royal guard trainee, and I begin firing my crossbow in his direction. Unfortunately, the man anticipates my shots and he manages to get out of the way in time, while he also prepares a counter attack by using his weapon to create a few boulders out of thin air. When he's done making his rock projectiles, he points his trident towards me and he sends all of his boulders flying at me with great speed.

I dodge the projectiles easily in mid-air and then I shoot a few more crossbow bolts at him, but this time the man doesn't even bother to step aside and he just conjures a wall of rock to block them.

"Stop wasting your time with him and grab Leila!"  Melindra shouts, as I am reloading my crossbow. "The 'droons' are going to notice you! Damn it, they're already coming down!"

When I hear what Melindra is saying, I look up and I see that there are now six red-eyed metal balls that are quickly heading towards me. I attempt to shoot them from a distance, but they dodge my attacks without much effort and then they continue to advance in my direction. In the meantime, the man with the trident takes advantage of this situation and he begins to send even more boulders my way, so he can keep me distracted.


[35] "I'm on it!" I say, and then I fly as fast as I can towards Leila, at a relatively low altitude.

The man with the trident sees what I'm doing and he tries to shoot a few rock projectiles my way, but they are all blocked by Melindra's wind barrier, so I manage to reach my destination unharmed. While I'm grabbing Leila in my arms, the trainee tries once again to attack me by sticking his trident into the ground to create a stone fist, but since he can't conjure it close enough to me, all the fist does is punch the empty air in front of it. 

Seeing that I am in no danger of being hit, I decide to just ignore my adversary's attacks and to carry Leila back to our group, while the man with the trident gives up on trying to stop me and begins venting his anger at his teammates instead.

"What are you two doing?!" the man with the trident says. "Why are you still fighting those manticore illusions? Don't you understand that they're not real? Just stop moving around and let them hit you!"


[36] "Well, I'll be damned..." Derek says, as he now also stops moving, which makes the third manticore distance itself from him as well. "These rebels did a really good job at making a fool out of me, didn't they? I guess it's time to teach them a lesson."

"Great..." Melindra says as she creates a large, semi-transparent barrier all around us. "Kate, how's the headache going? Is there any chance you could make an ice dome around us?"

"Even if I could make one, there's no way I could hold it for more than a second in my current state," Kate says, as she is massaging her forehead. "I'm sorry."

"Yeah, I kind of figured as much, but it was worth a shot," Melindra says, as her barrier begins to get bombarded with fire, wind and earth attacks from all directions.

After about ten seconds of the barrier being under siege, Melindra is already giving signs of fatigue, and I can see a drop of sweat running down the side of her face.


[37] "Was that... Illuna's water magic?" Kate asks, as she seems to be struggling to make sense of the situation.

"It was, indeed," we hear Illuna's voice, as she stops suppressing her aura and then comes walking out of an alley on the side of our street.

Now that I can sense her aura clearly, I am noticing the fact that Flower's aura is very faint, which means that she must be sleeping.

"I thought you were never going to finish casting that spell!" Melindra tells Illuna, as she approaches our group. "You just HAD to make three serpents, didn't you?"

"I wanted there to be one for each of them, just in case," Illuna says. "It's not like I would have gotten a second chance at launching a surprise attack of this magnitude. You didn't want any of them to get away, did you?"

"Fine, fine," Melindra says. "You made your point."

"I don't understand..." Kate says. "Illuna, how did you find us?"


[38] "As long as he can only cast dizziness spells, we shouldn't need to worry about him."

"We don't know for sure that he can only cast dizziness spells, though," Melindra says.

"Don't you think he would have joined the battle earlier if he had any other spells in his arsenal?" I say.

"The trainees were saying that their original plan was to wait for the other royal guards before going in," Melindra says. "It's possible that this is what the man with the dizziness magic is doing."


[39] "Do you think we should go and look for him?"

"No, we don't have time for that," Melindra says. "The royal guards will be arriving any minute, now. We need to get out of here as fast as possible."

"Well, I sure hope that he isn't planning to attack us just as we're about to teleport, then," I say.

"If he does, I'll just block him with a wind barrier before he gets to reach us," Melindra says. "We'll know who he is as soon as he gets out of the house."


[40] "At least we know where he'll be coming from, if he tries to attack us." 

"Exactly," Melindra says. "As soon as I see anyone walking out of a house, I'll just block them with a wind barrier, and that will be the end of that."

"How close are the royal guards?" I say. "Do you think we'll have to fight them too?"

"It's still going to take a little while until they get here," Melindra says. "Hopefully, we'll already be gone by then."


[41] "But you know what happened to Desmond!" the teleporter guy says. "I can't risk it!"

"We'll all be dead if you don't get us out of here, do you understand?" Breynan says. "This is not the time to be worrying about getting a little headache!"

"You know full well that it's more than just a headache!" the teleporter guy says. "And besides, what if this time it's even worse? What if you lose an arm or a leg? Are you willing to risk that?"

"Now you're just exaggerating!" Breynan says. "Listen, we really don't have time to argue about--"

Before Breynan gets to finish his sentence, a man dressed in black robes teleports right behind Illuna out of the blue, and he attempts to stab her in her heart with a knife. Illuna notices him in the last second and she manages to avoid a fatal blow, but unfortunately this does not stop the man from running his dagger through her chest, as we're all witnessing the scene with horrified looks on our faces.

"No!" Kate shouts, as she shoots several icicles towards the man in black robes, forcing him to jump back. "Get away from her!"


[42] "Barry!" I suddenly hear Rose's voice coming from my transceiver. "Answer me quickly! Where are you right now? Is Illuna with you? Are you on a street with lots of oddly shaped buildings?"

"Umm yes..." I say, as I tap on my transceiver through my pocket. "Yes, to both your previous questions, but how did you--"

"Illuna, I just saw a premonition!" Rose shouts. "Someone's going to teleport behind you! Move away from there, quick!"

"A premonition?..." I say. "Wait, since when can you see--"

Before I get to finish my sentence, a man dressed in black robes appears out of nowhere, right behind Illuna, and he attempts to stab her in her heart with a knife. Thanks to Rose's warning, Illuna manages to jump away and to escape with only a light cut on the side of her waist, but her attacker does not give up and he tries to get close to her once again.

"No!" Kate shouts, as she sends several ice cones towards the black-robed man, forcing him to step back. "Stay away from her!"

As I look at our attacker, I notice that he is wearing quite a few rings on his fingers, with different-colored gemstones embedded into them. Something tells me that these rings are lessathi relics that can be used to cast various types of magic. I need to tell the others about this.

"Illuna, watch out!" I say. "I think those rings help him cast different types of--"


[43] The 4th chapter of Book 3 is now available.

Tap on the button below to proceed.


[44] The 4th chapter of Book 3 is now available.

Tap on the button below to proceed.

