
[1] 

[2] "Anyway," Daren says. "I'd say that these recent events complicate our situation quite a bit. What do you all recommend we should do? Are we going to keep cooperating with the king, or maybe we should start thinking about going our own separate ways?"

"I don't know what to say..." Hadrik says. "The information that these rebels can obtain from their listening devices is pretty useful, to be honest."

"Agreed," Daren says. "The only problem is that we don't know if they'll keep sharing this sort of stuff with us or not from now on. I think it might be better to keep this 'alliance' going until we can figure out if we're still getting something out of it or not. Kate, what do you say?"

"Do what you want," Kate says, as she turns around and starts heading towards one of the exits. "I'm going back to my training. Melindra, let's go."

"Uhh, sure," Melindra says, as she begins to follow Kate. "Right behind you."


[3] "I suppose..." Daren says. "Alright, let's all continue with what we were doing, and we'll meet up again later. Arraka, are you up for a second round of aura study?"

"Sure, whatever," Arraka says. "Not like I have anything better to do, anyway."

"Barry, there you are!" I hear Leila's father calling out to me, as most of my friends are now each heading in separate directions to continue their previous activities.

Leila's father is now approaching me, while holding my stat booster in his hand. As soon as he gets close enough to me and Leila, he stops in his tracks and then he extends his hand towards me, in order to give me back my device.

"I wanted to tell you that I'm done working on your stat booster," Leila's father says, as I grab my device from his hand and take a good look at it. "However, you should give it a little time before it adjusts to the changes I've made. At the moment, the device isn't functional, but normally it should start working by itself after a while. If it still doesn't work until tomorrow, I'll take another look at it to make sure that everything's okay."


[4] "Yes, there was one last thing I wanted to tell you about your device," Leila's father says. "When I removed your stat booster from its locked state, the process that is dedicated to converting magical energy into available stat points was reset, so you will be getting one of your stat points earlier than normal. This also means that you will be getting one less point with your next batch, but I think you'd much rather have the stat point available now than later. If I'm not mistaken, your extra point should be available to you as soon as your stat device becomes functional again."

"Alright," I say, as I put the device in my pocket. "I'll make sure to keep that in mind. Thank you for all your help!"

"You're welcome!" Leila's father says. "Oh, and while we're still on the topic of stat boosters... Leila, would you mind coming to my workshop again for a bit? There's one last maintenance check that I forgot to do for your stat device, and I'd prefer to do it now, while I've got some free time."

"Okay," Leila writes. "See you, Barry!"

"See you both later," I say, as the two of them are heading back towards doctor Reidzek's workshop.


[5] "Not in particular, no," Leila's father says. "I've already given you all the information that I had. How you choose to use your stat device from now on is entirely up to you."

"Alright," I say, as I put the device in my pocket. "I'll make sure to keep all of your advice in mind. Thank you for all your help!"

"You're welcome!" Leila's father says. "Oh, and while we're still on the topic of stat boosters... Leila, would you mind coming to my workshop again for a bit? There's one last maintenance check that I forgot to do for your stat device, and I'd prefer to do it now, while I've got some free time."

"Okay," Leila writes. "See you, Barry!"

"See you both later," I say, as the two of them are heading back towards doctor Reidzek's workshop.


[6] "Isn't it obvious?..." Melindra says. "It's because Kate didn't want to be a bother to you. She already feels responsible for having singlehandedly ruined your alliance with the king of the underground, and she didn't want to put even more pressure on you by saying that she was planning to meet the Overseer by herself. And besides, who would she have asked for help? You don't have your stat device, Leila has only just been reunited with her long lost father, Flower and Illuna are still fighting, Daren is busy with curing that plague, and Hadrik has been gloomy all day. You should know by now that Kate isn't the type to ask anyone for help if she thinks she might be inconveniencing them."

"It doesn't seem to me like she had a problem inconveniencing you, though..." I say.


[7] "Oh, that was ages ago!" Melindra says. "I don't think we have even gotten into a single argument since that day when we defeated Talmak together. Have we, icey?"

"You're right," Kate says. "We have not."

"If you two say so..." I tell them.

"Anyway, so now that we got that settled, let's all go to the Overseer together!" Melindra says. "I know my way around the city pretty well, so I think I may have a general idea of where we could find one of the green-eyed golem heads without getting caught by any of the guards."

"You two are not planning to give up on this plan no matter what I say, are you?" I ask them.

"Obviously," Melindra says.

"Fine," I say. "How do we convince the teleporter guy to bring us to the surface, then?"

"No!" Kate says, as she places herself in front of me. "Barry, you can't come with us!"


[8] "You don't have to worry about that," Leila writes. "You never forced me to come here. I chose to be here myself. And besides, we're only taking a short trip, right? We'll be back right after we talk to the Overseer."

"That would be the plan, yes," Melindra says. "But before we proceed, there is still one unresolved matter that we're going to have to deal with. Breynan, you can come out of hiding, now. I'm sorry to say that your aura suppression skills are nowhere near good enough to fool me."

"I was afraid that this might be the case," we hear Breynan's voice, as he dismisses his invisibility spell and slowly begins materializing out of thin air, some fifty feet away from our location.

"What are you doing here?" Kate says, as she frowns at him. "Did the king of the underground send you to spy on us?"

"No, it wasn't the king!" Breynan says.

"Then who?" Kate says.


[9] "It doesn't seem like he's lying," Melindra says. "Not from the feel of his aura, at least."

"I agree," Leila writes. "And if what he says is indeed true, then he wouldn't have any reason to tell the king about our meeting with the Overseer, because that would be like going out of his way to notify him of his betrayal."

Kate sighs.

"Breynan," she says, "I can't say that I entirely trust you, but I'll admit that I'd rather have you coming with us than leaving you here and giving you an actual reason to want to rat us out to your king. If everyone else is also okay with this, let us move forward. I wouldn't want anyone else to catch up to us before we can get to the teleporter room."


[10] "Yes, yes, I'm ready," Daren says. "What is it?"

"I called to tell you that Kate, Melindra, Leila and I are just about to go meet the Overseer on our own, behind the king's back," I say. "Oh, and Breynan's coming with us too."

"What?!" Daren shouts very loudly.

"Daren, what did I just tell you about overreacting?..." I say.

"Right, right, sorry about that..." Daren says, now in a lower voice. "But still, why would you do such a thing? Weren't we going to wait until tomorrow to make a decision?"

"Listen," I say. "Kate was about to go out there only with Melindra before we intercepted her. She was feeling guilty about ruining our alliance with the king and she wanted to take matters into her own hands. She's not planning to stop no matter what we say."

"Ugh... fine," Daren says. "Wait there, I'm coming with you."


[11] "Let's hope you are right," I say.

After a bit more walking we finally reach the teleporter room, where Barry 'thundercloud' is still standing behind the button-filled metal desk that operates the teleporting device behind him. When he sees us, the teleporter guy gives us a wave, and then he greets Breynan.

"Hey there, Breynan," the teleporter guy says. "Are you taking our new 'recruits' on their first mission?"

"More of a training session, actually," Breynan says. "I want to show them the usual guard patrol routes, so they can handle themselves while they're on a mission with us even if our groups need to split up. The last thing we'd want is for them to get into a fight with the royal guards again by mistake."

"Oh, so you're not planning to get into any fights, then," the teleporter guy says.

"Yeah," Breynan says. "Hopefully it will be just a short uneventful trip, and we'll be back right in time for dinner."

"Well, remember that if you do get into a fight, I won't be able to teleport you out of there properly until you're all safely away and you've calmed yourselves down," the teleporter guy says. "We wouldn't want to have another accident, like that time with Desmond."


[12] "Yes, that was the Desmond he was referring to," Breynan says. "That poor bastard had it rough. He was caught in a nasty fight once, and he asked Barry to teleport him out of there as soon as possible. It was technically against our safety precautions to do such a thing, because the teleporter device is rather old, and it has trouble properly locking onto people's auras if their flow isn't calm enough, but the situation seemed very dire, so Barry took the risk. From what Desmond described to us, the sensation he felt when he got teleported was as if his whole body was being torn to shreds. The moment after he got transported into the tunnels, he started vomiting, and he felt sick for days after that. Even after all this time, Desmond still hasn't gotten over it, and he tries to avoid using the teleporter as much as possible. That's why he personally requested to be made into a simple guard in our rebel base, so that he wouldn't need to teleport to the surface anymore unless there were an extreme emergency."


[13] "That's not what he's saying," Breynan tells us. "Don't worry, he'll give us the info we need eventually. You just have to find the right questions. Hey, Overseer! Have there been any changes to the palace's security lately? Perhaps the kind of changes that could allow a group of rebels to sneak in unnoticed?"

"There have been no such changes made recently," the Overseer says. "The palace is as secure as it's always been."

"Well, maybe the situation inside the castle has changed, then," Breynan says. "Is the king of Ollendor showing signs of having contracted a sickness, by any chance?"

"The king is in perfect health," the Overseer says. "Thank you for asking."

"What about the situation regarding the newest addition to the king's entourage?" Kate says. "How is Eiden getting along with the royal guards?"

The Overseer makes a short pause before he answers Kate's question.


[14] "King Undriel used to spend most of his days in the palace until recently," the Overseer says, "but ever since Eiden made his appearance, his royal highness has begun visiting many important facilities from Ollendor, in order to personally inspect them and make sure that everything is in order. The king is afraid that Eiden might leave again if he finds the smallest imperfection within his city, so he is constantly going out of his way to ensure that everything is running as smoothly as possible. This puts him in a position of vulnerability, as it is more difficult for the royal guards to defend him while he's on the move than when he's sitting on his throne inside the palace. As long as you know the king's schedule and the routes he is planning to take in advance, the possibility of succeeding in an assassination attempt increases considerably."

"And could you provide us with this schedule of his?" Breynan says.

"Negative," the Overseer says. "That information is classified."

"Classified, huh?..." Breynan says. "Well, is there any sort of unclassified information regarding the king's schedule or his routes that you could disclose to us? Or any information whatsoever that could be useful to us when organizing an assassination while he is moving from one place to another?"


[15] "Does anyone else have any questions for the Overseer?" Breynan says.

"I don't know if there's any use in interrogating him further," Kate says. "It seems to me that he already told us all the information he had regarding the king of Ollendor's weaknesses."

"I think so too," Breynan says. "Maybe we should get ready to head back, then. Alright, Overseer, that will be all for today. Have a safe trip."

"Goodbye, Breynan," the Overseer says, and then the metal ball flies into the air once more, in order to continue its patrols.

"Let's go this way," Breynan says, and then he heads back the way we came.


[16] Before the ice platform even has the chance to raise us from the ground, both the ice bars and the platform suddenly disappear, and Kate presses her hands against her forehead, apparently trying to suppress a severe headache.

"What happened?" I ask her.

"I don't know..." Kate says, as she is keeping her eyes closed, still trying to get rid of her headache. "I can't... concentrate... Barely able to... form sentences."

"She's been hit with a really powerful dizziness spell," Melindra says. "It blew right past her magical protections. I don't get it. There are no mages in the vicinity. Who could have cast this spell?"

"It must be someone using a lessathi device," Breynan says. "Maybe even a royal guard. Not all of them are mages."

"If they're not a mage, then I have no way of distinguishing them from every other civilian around our area!" Melindra says. "We shouldn't have let our guard down. I'm taking us out of here."


[17] As I take a look towards Breynan, I see that both he and Leila have managed to knock out their adversaries, and they are now approaching me. When Breynan gets close enough to me, he puts his hands on my wound and then a white light comes out of them, while I'm beginning to slowly feel the pain going away thanks to the effects of the healing.

"Father!" a ten year old boy shouts, as he is now running towards the man that stabbed me, who is still lying on the ground.

"I'm alright," the man says, when the boy reaches him. "Please, go back to your mother. It's not safe here."

"But father, we need to take you to a doctor!" the boy says. "You are bleeding!"


[18] "We need to get out of here before anyone else tries to attack us," Breynan says. "I don't want any more innocent lives to be lost today--"

"Father?..." we hear the voice of a ten year old boy, as he is now entering the alley.

When he sees the dead man lying at my feet, the boy rushes towards him as fast as he can, and then he places himself on his knees beside him, trying to wake him up.

"No..." the boy says, as he sees the lifeless gaze in his father's eyes. "No, no, no, you can't be dead. You said everything would be fine. You said we'd be going back home together after all this was over. Please, tell me that you're just sleeping. Please..."

The boy then grips his father's shirt tightly with both hands, as he is trying very hard to hold back his tears.

"Let's go," Breynan tells us. "There's nothing else we can do here."

"You..." the boy says, just as we are about to move past him. "You did this..."

When I turn my head back towards him, I see that the boy is now looking directly into my eyes, with a pained but determined look on his face. As he keeps staring at me, I suddenly realize that I am still holding the crossbow that fired the bolt which is now lodged in his father's chest.


[19] "Watch out!" Melindra shouts and then she quickly pulls Breynan back, with both her hands.

There is a sudden blast of fire coming from one of the alleys on the side of the street, and then the whole area in front of us gets immediately engulfed in flames. The large wall of fire that now blocks our path is apparently only inches away from Breynan's face. Had Melindra not pulled him away in time, he would have likely been completely incinerated.

"You missed," I hear a man's voice, as he is making his way out of an alley behind us. "I can't believe you actually missed. Could you not wait for another second until you cast that spell?"

"It's not my damn fault," I hear another man's voice, coming from the alley where the wall of fire originated from. "That wench stopped them right before they were about to enter my line of sight. It doesn't matter, though. They've got a huge wall of fire in front of them now. They're not going anywhere."

"I told you both that engaging them by ourselves would be a stupid idea," says another man, who is apparently situated on the rooftop of a weirdly shaped building on the side of the street. "We are only trainees. We should have waited for the real royal guards to come and back us up."


[20] "Damn it!" the man with the trident says, as he sees one of the winged lions quickly approaching him. "I didn't know they had a summoner!"

"Take down the summons!" Derek, the man with the sword says, in a panicky voice, when he sees one of the manticores flying towards him. "Quick! I can't outmaneuver a manticore while I'm in the air."

"Then get back on the ground and fight it!" the man with the trident says, as he is trying to shoot down the manticore closest to him with rock projectiles. "I already have my hands full, here!"

The man with the metal glove does not say anything, but he is constantly sending blasts of fire towards the manticore above him, even though he can't seem to hit it even once.

"I'll try to take one of them down while they're distracted," Leila writes, and then she rushes towards the man with the trident.

"No, wait!" Melindra shouts, but Leila doesn't hear her, and she keeps pressing forward.


[21] As I am busy dodging boulders in mid-air while reloading my crossbow, I suddenly get a strong headache and a feeling of intense disorientation, which causes me to stop moving and to grab my forehead with both hands, in an attempt to make the pain go away.

I quickly realize that this must be a spell similar to the one that was cast on Kate, and that the only thing I can do is to endure it. While I am struggling to regain my balance, a boulder comes out of nowhere and it hits me right in the head, cracking my skull open and killing me on the spot.


[22] As I am busy dodging boulders in mid-air while reloading my crossbow, I suddenly get a light headache and a slight feeling of nausea. I quickly realize that this must be happening because the same person who cast the dizziness spell on Kate earlier used a similar, but weaker version of the spell on me to make me lose my balance. Luckily, I still have the magical protection against dizziness that Illuna cast on me a week ago, so the effects of the spell are not too severe.

I continue to dodge the incoming boulders successfully, despite the minor headache, and I manage to shoot down two of the metal balls before they reach me. As soon as the 'droons' get closer to me, however, they immediately begin to attack me with fire and ice beams, which forces me to distance myself from them while still being cautious of the rock projectiles coming from below.

All of a sudden, four icicles penetrate the remaining metal balls, which get sent crashing down to the ground while Kate is gesturing at me to come back down. I decide to take her advice and to get back to a lower altitude before any more 'droons' have the time to spot me. On my way back, I also grab Leila in my arms and I fly with her towards Melindra and Kate, while the royal guard trainee begins to shout furiously at his teammates.

"What are you two doing?!" the man with the trident says. "Why are you still fighting those manticore illusions? Don't you understand that they're not real? Just stop moving around and let them hit you!"


[23] "As if I would be stupid enough to risk getting mauled to death just based on your intuition," Derek says, as he's still flying in the air, while swinging his sword in order to send powerful blasts of wind towards the manticore that is chasing him. "If you really think that these are illusions, then prove it!"

"Have you never seen a manticore before in your life?" the man with the trident says. "Can you not see that their movements are unnatural? Actually, you know what? Never mind that. Just look at the manticore I was fighting. All this time it could have attacked me, but ever since I called it an illusion, it completely stopped trying to dive for me and now it's just circling the skies. Do you think that's a coincidence?"

"I can't--" Derek starts to say but he gets interrupted.

"Also, didn't you notice that the red-eyed metal balls aren't attacking them?" the man with the trident says. "Why would they ignore such big flying unidentified targets unless they knew that they were illusions?"

"Okay, you've convinced me," says the man with the metal glove and then he stops trying to dodge, just as one of the manticores was diving for him.

Seeing that he is no longer trying to evade its attacks, the manticore suddenly flaps its wings and it soars right back into the sky, as it begins to circle around aimlessly just like the manticore that was fighting the man with the trident before.


[24] "Melindra, you've done enough," Kate says, all of a sudden. "If you force yourself to hold the barrier any longer than this, you might lose control of your powers again and risk dying because of the enchanter's oath. This is all my fault. I shouldn't have made any of you follow me here. Please, just get away from here while you still can, and take Leila with you. If you and Barry try to fly away with her now, you might still make it."

"Nonsense," Melindra says. "All I'm doing right now is reinforcing the air around us. There's no reason why it would backfire in any way, even if I lose control over it."

She then raises her voice, so that everyone in the area can hear her.

"Still, it would help out a lot if SOMEONE would finish casting their spell already," Melindra says. "Seriously, how much longer are you planning to make me wait, anyway?"

"What is she talking about?" Derek says.


[25] "I've been following you all from a distance, since before you even teleported here," Illuna says. "Melindra likely sensed my presence from the beginning, but she was gracious enough to not give away my position. When I saw that you had gone to the surface, I asked the person in charge of the teleporter to bring me here as well, and then I continued to follow you, because I was certain that you would find a way to get yourselves into trouble."

"And that we did!" Melindra says.

"Why didn't you come and ask for my help before you teleported here?" Illuna says, with a serious look in her eyes, as she looks at Kate.

"I..." Kate says. "I didn't want to be a bother..."

Illuna shakes her head in disapproval.

"I thought we were already long past this phase of our interpersonal interaction," Illuna says. "Please tell me that we're not still at the stage where we are supposed to use small talk to communicate."


[26] "Come on, Barry, are you going to teleport us back or not?" I hear Breynan, talking through his transceiver.

"You're not calm enough!" the teleporter guy says. "You need to be calmer. And... oh gods, is one of you unconscious?"

"We can't be calmer than this!" Breynan says. "The royal guards are breathing down our necks. You need to teleport us out now!"


[27] Once the black-robed man removes his knife, Illuna falls to the ground and it seems as if she's about to faint, while a puddle of blood is slowly being formed on the pavement below her. As I take a better look at the man who attacked Illuna, I see that he is wearing quite a few rings on his fingers, with different-colored gemstones embedded into them. It looks like these rings are lessathi relics that are being used to cast various types of magic, because the man is now creating a sword out of thin air and sending it flying towards Kate.

"Breynan, heal her quick!" Kate says in a desperate tone of voice, as she is trying to hold the man in black robes at bay, while suppressing her headache.

"W-w-what's going on?" the teleporter guy says through the transceiver, as Breynan rushes to heal Illuna.

"Everyone listen to me!" Melindra shouts all of a sudden, while Breynan is busy casting a healing spell on Illuna. "We need to get out of here now! Gontrok is on his way here, and he's traveling at a ridiculous speed. At this rate, he will be here any moment!"

"Did you hear that, Barry?" Breynan says, through his transceiver. "We need you to teleport us right now!"

"But, the rules... I can't--" the teleporter guy says.

"Never mind the rules!" Breynan says, in a loud voice. "I'll take full responsibility. Now teleport us, quick! We don't have time."

"Gontrok is almost here!" Melindra says.


[28] "Yes, I figured it out," Illuna says, as she swings one of her water whips towards the man in black robes, but he teleports out of the way effortlessly and then he creates a weapon out of thin air, sending it flying in Illuna's direction.

"Everyone listen to me!" Melindra shouts all of a sudden, while Illuna is busy dodging the black-robed man's attacks. "We need to get out of here now! Gontrok is on his way here, and he's traveling at a ridiculous speed. At this rate, he will be here any moment!"

"Did you hear that, Barry?" Breynan says, through his transceiver. "We need you to teleport us right now!"

"But, the rules... I can't--" the teleporter guy says.

"Never mind the rules!" Breynan says, in a loud voice. "I'll take full responsibility. Now teleport us, quick! We don't have time."

"Gontrok is almost here!" Melindra says.

"Alright!" the teleporter guy shouts, in a panicky voice. "I'll do it! But don't blame me for what happens!"


[29] 