
[1] 

[2] As I look around the room to decide what I'm going to do next, one particular corridor catches my attention. It is the corridor that Kate and Melindra walked into when they decided to continue their training. Now that I take a better look, I realize that it's not the same corridor as the one they were using to train before the king of the underground called us to his throne room. Why would they choose a different corridor than last time? Wouldn't it make more sense for them to train in a place that they are already familiar with?

Wait a minute... I'm pretty sure that there was a way to get from that corridor right into the tunnel that leads to the teleporter room. Could this be where the two of them are actually headed? I guess there's only one way to find out.

I begin heading towards the tunnel that leads directly to the teleporter room at a rapid pace. If I hurry up, I should still be able to catch up to them. This tunnel takes a more direct route towards the teleporter than the one they took, so the distance is much shorter. I rush through the door leading into the corridor, and then I head straight for the teleporter, without looking back. It's fine. If they really went this way, they can't be much further ahead. I should be seeing them any minute now. Any minute now...

My predictions turn out to be true, as I soon catch a glimpse of Kate's green cloak in the distance, and then I slow down my pace, so I can follow her and Melindra without getting noticed. Unfortunately, my plan gets shot to pieces almost immediately, when Melindra suddenly stops walking and calls out to me in a loud voice.


[3] "Of course not!" Melindra says, with a proud look on her face. "When you are good enough of a friend with someone, you no longer need to worry about inconveniencing that person when you're asking for help. After all, isn't that what friends are all about? Being able to inconvenience each other without having to worry that you'll end up getting hated for it?"

"You know, Melindra," Kate says, "when you told me earlier that I should leave all the talking to you because you knew how to deal with Barry, this isn't exactly what I had in mind."

"It isn't?" Melindra asks, looking genuinely surprised. "Why not?"

"You know why!" Kate says. "I thought you were going to convince him to go back to the waiting room, not tell him all of our plans!"


[4] "Why not?" I say.

"Because you don't have your stat device!" Kate says. "You'll be defenseless!"

"Well, technically I do have my stat booster with me," I say, as I take my device out of my pocket to show it to her for a few seconds before putting it back inside. "It's just that it's not really working right now. But it's supposed to start working again in a few hours or less. And even if it doesn't, I'm Barry the reckless, remember? I'm sure that I'll handle myself in one way or another."

"I thought you were supposed to be working on being less reckless," Kate tells me.

"True, but technically you were supposed to be working on trusting your friends more too, so I guess we're even," I say.

"Do you guys have room for one more, or are you done taking extra passengers?" we suddenly see a blue text floating in front of us.

As we turn around, we see that Leila is now slowly approaching us as well, smiling faintly.


[5] "Actually, I think you should stay there and deal with the plague," I say. "Remember that you only have a week until your disease becomes contagious. You shouldn't interrupt your work unless it's absolutely necessary. Don't worry about us. We can handle ourselves."

"Okay..." Daren says. "Okay. But promise me that you won't take any unnecessary risks. If you feel like you might be getting ambushed, don't think twice about it and ask to be teleported back immediately, you hear?"

"Yeah, yeah, we'll be careful," I say.

"Alright," Daren says. "Don't forget to call me when you get back."

"We won't forget," I say. "Okay, I'm closing the transceiver now. Take care."

I then tap on the transceiver once, in order to close it, and I put it back in my pocket.

"Sounds like we're good to go," Melindra says. "Let's move."


[6] "Yes, Barry, we'll be careful," Breynan says.

"Oh, and don't forget to actually return to the designated teleportation area before calling me on the transceiver this time!" the teleporter guy says. "The emergency teleportation feature puts too much strain on this device to be used just for the sake of convenience!"

"Okay, okay, I get it," Breynan says. "Just make sure that you teleport us to the usual coordinates, alright? I don't want us to run into any trouble while we're up there."

"Roger that!" the teleporter guy says, as he presses on some buttons. "Have a safe trip!"

We then get surrounded by a bright white light and we begin to feel our bodies vibrating loudly, as we are being teleported to the surface. Once the teleportation process is complete, we find ourselves standing in the middle of an abandoned alleyway in what appears to be one of the poorer districts of the city. As I look up at the sky, I see that it now has a reddish color, and it likely won't be long until the sun will be setting.


[7] "Damn..." I say. "That sounds pretty bad. Did he at least recover fully? Or is he still experiencing problems due to that failed teleportation?"

"He did completely recover in a few days, thankfully," Breynan says. "But we've never tried to do a teleportation like that again since that day. Its effects are just too unpredictable to be worth the risk. Anyway, do you guys see that flying metal ball up there in the air? It's going to circle around that area for a while, and then it should come down to do a quick patrol of that alley over there. That's where we'll have our talk. As long as we get there without being noticed, we shouldn't have much trouble. Let's go."

We manage to make our way into the alley that Breynan mentioned pretty easily, thanks to the general lack of guards in this area, and then we wait patiently for the 'droon' to come down to us. After about two minutes of circling around in the sky, the metal ball comes down, just like Breynan predicted, and it begins to hover a few feet above the ground, very close to us.

"Hey, you!" Breynan says. "Metal ball! I want to speak to the Overseer! Do you hear me?"

The metal ball turns around, so that its green eye can face Breynan directly. After a few seconds of silence, the 'droon' responds, in its usual metallic voice.

"Request acknowledged," the metal ball says. "Please stand by. The Overseer protocol will be initiated shortly."


[8] "Most of the royal guards do not accept Eiden as a figure of authority, and they view him as a threat," the Overseer says. "Eiden seems to be aware of this, and he is constantly trying to provoke them, in order to see their reactions."

"That does sound like Eiden," Melindra says.

"Is there any way in which we rebels could benefit from this friction between the royal guards and the Creator?" Breynan says. "Perhaps the constant tension between them is causing a blind spot of some sort that could be exploited by us when invading the castle?"

"As has been previously stated, there have been no changes recently that could affect the security of the palace," the Overseer says.


[9] "The king likes to send scouts in advance to check the routes for potential traps," the Overseer says. "If you can identify who these scouts are, you could easily figure out which route king Undriel is planning to take next. The scouts are typically sent one day in advance, and then they are sent again a few hours before the actual trip, to see if anything has changed in the meantime. Knowing this information, you should be able to make reasonably accurate predictions of when the king and his guards would be leaving the palace. Another strategy that could be used is to simply wait for the king to visit one of the facilities, and then try to ambush him on his way back, but it is not advisable, because the king's inspections are usually very short, and there would be no time to set up any proper traps that wouldn't immediately be neutralized by the royal guards." 

"Hey, now that's quite the useful information you gave us there, Overseer," Breynan says. "Many thanks!"

"Happy to be of assistance, Breynan," the Overseer says. "Would the group named 'Felran, the strongest fire elementalist on the Eastern Continent' like to ask a question of me as well?"


[10] "The king likes to send scouts in advance to check the routes for potential traps," the Overseer says. "If you can identify who these scouts are, you could easily figure out which route king Undriel is planning to take next. The scouts are typically sent one day in advance, and then they are sent again a few hours before the actual trip, to see if anything has changed in the meantime. Knowing this information, you should be able to make reasonably accurate predictions of when the king and his guards would be leaving the palace. Another strategy that could be used is to simply wait for the king to visit one of the facilities, and then try to ambush him on his way back, but it is not advisable, because the king's inspections are usually very short, and there would be no time to set up any proper traps that wouldn't immediately be neutralized by the royal guards." 

"Hey, now that's quite the useful information you gave us there, Overseer," Breynan says. "Many thanks!"

"Happy to be of assistance, Breynan," the Overseer says. "Would the group named 'Cutthroat Dave' like to ask a question of me as well?"


[11] "The king likes to send scouts in advance to check the routes for potential traps," the Overseer says. "If you can identify who these scouts are, you could easily figure out which route king Undriel is planning to take next. The scouts are typically sent one day in advance, and then they are sent again a few hours before the actual trip, to see if anything has changed in the meantime. Knowing this information, you should be able to make reasonably accurate predictions of when the king and his guards would be leaving the palace. Another strategy that could be used is to simply wait for the king to visit one of the facilities, and then try to ambush him on his way back, but it is not advisable, because the king's inspections are usually very short, and there would be no time to set up any proper traps that wouldn't immediately be neutralized by the royal guards." 

"Hey, now that's quite the useful information you gave us there, Overseer," Breynan says. "Many thanks!"

"Happy to be of assistance, Breynan," the Overseer says. "Would the group named 'Barry' like to ask a question of me as well?"


[12] "The king likes to send scouts in advance to check the routes for potential traps," the Overseer says. "If you can identify who these scouts are, you could easily figure out which route king Undriel is planning to take next. The scouts are typically sent one day in advance, and then they are sent again a few hours before the actual trip, to see if anything has changed in the meantime. Knowing this information, you should be able to make reasonably accurate predictions of when the king and his guards would be leaving the palace. Another strategy that could be used is to simply wait for the king to visit one of the facilities, and then try to ambush him on his way back, but it is not advisable, because the king's inspections are usually very short, and there would be no time to set up any proper traps that wouldn't immediately be neutralized by the royal guards." 

"Hey, now that's quite the useful information you gave us there, Overseer," Breynan says. "Many thanks!"

"Happy to be of assistance, Breynan," the Overseer says. "Would the group named 'Unidentified' like to ask a question of me as well?"


[13] "The king likes to send scouts in advance to check the routes for potential traps," the Overseer says. "If you can identify who these scouts are, you could easily figure out which route king Undriel is planning to take next. The scouts are typically sent one day in advance, and then they are sent again a few hours before the actual trip, to see if anything has changed in the meantime. Knowing this information, you should be able to make reasonably accurate predictions of when the king and his guards would be leaving the palace. Another strategy that could be used is to simply wait for the king to visit one of the facilities, and then try to ambush him on his way back, but it is not advisable, because the king's inspections are usually very short, and there would be no time to set up any proper traps that wouldn't immediately be neutralized by the royal guards." 

"Hey, now that's quite the useful information you gave us there, Overseer," Breynan says. "Many thanks!"

"Happy to be of assistance, Breynan," the Overseer says. "Would the group named 'Da-ren' like to ask a question of me as well?"


[14] "So, can we know for sure that anything of what the Overseer told us is true?" I say, as we're all moving towards the exit.

"Not yet, but we should be able to easily verify all this information," Breynan says. "As soon as we get back to our base, we can start by--"

Breynan suddenly interrupts himself, because right before we reach the end of the alley, three men dressed in rags place themselves in front of us, while holding daggers in their hands. Two of them have very scared looks in their eyes and they are shaking with fear, but even so, they don't seem like they're planning to step aside.

"Listen... I don't know who sent you here, but we don't mean to hurt you," Breynan tells the three men. "Please, get out of the way."


[15] She then begins to lift us all into the air very slowly, but one of the men in rags starts running towards us and he tries to attack Melindra.

"No, I won't let you get away!" the man says, but he is intercepted by Breynan, who pulls his sword out and clashes with him.

At the same time, the two other men also come running towards us, while Leila and I are forced to pull out or weapons and engage them as well.

"I can't focus on lifting you if you're all fighting!" Melindra says, as we are all being lowered back to the ground. "Finish your fights quickly, so we can get out of here!"

While Melindra was talking, three more men were entering the alley from the other side, and it seems that they're now trying to flank us. It looks like I can't afford to hesitate anymore. I'll need to decide what to do about these men, and quick.


[16] "Let's get out of here before anyone else tries to attack us," Breynan tells us, as soon as he finishes casting his healing spell.

We walk past the father and the boy and we make our way out of the alley, while carefully checking our surroundings to see if there isn't another ambush waiting for us on the larger street right outside. As we make our way back towards the place where we first got teleported, we catch a glimpse of a woman heading into the alley we just left, who is likely the 'mother' that the man I shot mentioned earlier.


[17] "I will never forgive you..." the boy says, while gripping the clothes of the dead body in front of him even harder than before.

He then says the same words in a much louder voice, as the look in his eyes now turns into one full of hatred.

"I will never forgive you!" the boy shouts.

"This way," Breynan tells me, when he sees that I've stopped moving.

I take one last look at the boy, and then I follow Breyan out of the alley, without turning back. When we exit the alleyway, I catch a glimpse of a woman right outside, covering her eyes with one of her hands, while tears are slowly running down her face. I quickly realize that she must be the wife of the man I just killed. We all walk right past her without saying a word, and we begin heading back towards the place where we first got teleported. 


[18] "That's why you'll always remain a trainee, Derek," the first man says. "You're never going to become a full-time royal guard if you keep waiting for the captain to come and clean up your mess."

When the three men get close enough for us to see what they look like, I realize that they are all wearing the same type of blue-colored uniforms as Gontrok and the other royal guards, except for the fact that their uniforms have much fewer markings on them, likely as a result of being only trainees. Each one of them is holding a different weapon in his hands, and each of their weapons has a different colored gem embedded into its hilt. 

The man behind us has a trident with a brown topaz embedded into it, the man on the rooftop is holding a sword with a diamond in its hilt, and the man who made the wall of fire is wearing a metal glove decorated with a ruby. It doesn't take me long to realize that their weapons are in fact lessathi-made artifacts, and that these are the kinds of tools they are using to cast all of their spells.

"None of them are mages..." Melindra tells us in a low voice, while the three men are still talking amongst themselves. "I could sense their auras from afar, but I had no idea that they were royal guard trainees... Kate, can you fight?"

"I... don't know..." Kate says, as she's still struggling to get rid of her headache. "But I'll have to try."


[19] Just as she's about to reach her target so she can stab him from behind, the man with the trident turns towards her instantly with a malicious grin on his face, and he once again sticks his trident into the flat rocks below his feet. Before she gets the time to react, a huge fist made of stone suddenly comes out of the ground and it punches Leila so hard that it sends her flying on her back, causing her to hit her head on the pavement and to lose her consciousness.

"Did you really think I was so stupid as to not realize that those manticores were illusions?" the man with the trident says as he removes his weapon from the ground, while the large stone fist crumbles into pieces like the wall from before. "I was just waiting for one of you to be dumb enough to enter the range of my rock fist attack. Say goodbye to your friend."

He then tries to advance towards Leila, but he hits what appears to be an invisible barrier, which is blocking his path.

"What the hell?..." the man with the trident says, as he is placing his hands on the barrier, trying to see how far it stretches.

While the royal guard trainee is still trying to get around the invisible wall, I suddenly feel Melindra's air currents flowing all around my body.

"Bring her back here!" Melindra tells me as she is pointing towards Leila, who is still lying unconscious on the ground. "Quick! I can't hold this wind barrier for much longer."


[20] "As if I would be stupid enough to risk getting mauled to death just based on your intuition," Derek says, as he's still flying in the air, while swinging his sword in order to send powerful blasts of wind towards the manticore that is chasing him. "If you really think that these are illusions, then prove it!"

"Have you never seen a manticore before in your life?" the man with the trident says. "Can you not see that their movements are unnatural? Actually, you know what? Never mind that. Just look at the manticore I was fighting. All this time it could have attacked me, but ever since I called it an illusion, it completely stopped trying to dive for me and now it's just circling the skies. Do you think that's a coincidence?"

"I can't--" Derek starts to say but he gets interrupted.

"Also, didn't you notice that the red-eyed metal balls aren't attacking them?" the man with the trident says. "Why would they ignore such big flying unidentified targets unless they knew that they were illusions?"

"Okay, you've convinced me," says the man with the metal glove and then he stops trying to dodge, just as one of the manticores was diving for him.

Seeing that he is no longer trying to evade its attacks, the manticore suddenly flaps its wings and it soars right back into the sky, as it begins to circle around aimlessly just like the manticore that was fighting the man with the trident before.


[21] "Who cares?" the man with the trident says. "She's probably just bluffing. If they had another ally here with them, we would have known by now, so we shouldn't--"

The man interrupts himself all of a sudden, when he looks above and sees three immense serpents made of water, flying through the air while quickly approaching him and his allies. The serpents each have a length of at least one hundred feet, a width of about six feet, and they have a ferocious look about them that makes it seem as if they were thirsting for blood.

"Dear gods..." the man with the trident says. "Retreat! Retreat right now or we're done for, do you understand me?"

"Aaaaaah!" Derek screams, as he flies in the opposite direction from the serpents, as fast as he can. "They're going to catch up to us! They're going to--"

Derek does not get to finish his sentence, because he is swallowed up by one of the water serpents, which then carries him far away from the battlefield. Soon afterwards, the same thing happens to both of the other royal guard trainees, who weren't fast enough to outrun the giant snake-like creatures and got swept away by the water as well. 


[22] "No..." Kate says, in a humble tone of voice. "You're right. We are not."

"Good," Illuna says. "I detest small talk."

"I'm afraid that we'll have to interrupt our chat for now," Melindra says. "I can sense the captain of the royal guard and that mercenary heading our way, and a few other mages as well. It won't be long until they reach us. Breynan, do you think we should be able to teleport back, now?"

"We're probably still going to need to wait a little, but I'll call Barry, so he can get the teleporter ready," Breynan says, as he pulls out his transceiver.

"Were those three all of the enemies in your area?" Illuna asks.

"There was one other mage who cast a dizziness spell on Kate, but we can't tell where he is," I say.

"He is likely hiding in one of the buildings on the side of the street," Melindra says. "These houses are full of civilians, so there's no way for me to figure out who our attacker is, given that he's not a mage."


[23] "Alright!" the teleporter guy shouts, in a panicky voice. "I'll do it! But don't blame me for what happens!"

A bright white light begins to envelop us all, as our bodies are vibrating loudly. Just as we're about to get teleported, I catch a glimpse of Gontrok making his way towards us at a very high speed.

"Damn it!" I hear him shout, and then my body is transported away from the street that we were on.

Just like Breynan warned us, the feeling I'm getting right now is that of my whole body being torn to shreds. It takes all of my willpower to not lose my consciousness while being teleported, and once I finally reach my destination, the first thing I do is to vomit on the ground.

As I slowly recover, I take a quick look around, and I see that although we are in an underground cavern surrounded with seredium walls, there is no teleporter device in sight, and despite having explored the rebel base all day, this tunnel does not seem familiar to me at all. As Breynan is still struggling to keep Illuna alive with one of his healing spells, I begin to finally understand what happened to us, and I ask everyone a question.

"This..." I say. "This isn't anywhere near the underground rebel base, is it?"


[24] A bright white light begins to envelop us all, as our bodies are vibrating loudly. Just as we're about to get teleported, I catch a glimpse of Gontrok making his way towards us at a very high speed.

"Damn it!" I hear him shout, and then my body is transported away from the street that we were on.

Just like Breynan warned us, the feeling I'm getting right now is that of my whole body being torn to shreds. It takes all of my willpower to not lose my consciousness while being teleported, and once I finally reach my destination, the first thing I do is to vomit on the ground.

As I slowly recover, I take a quick look around, and I see that although we are in an underground cavern surrounded with seredium walls, there is no teleporter device in sight, and despite having explored the rebel base all day, this tunnel does not seem familiar to me at all. As my friends and I are all looking around, confused, I finally begin to understand what happened, and I ask everyone a question.

"This..." I say. "This isn't anywhere near the underground rebel base, is it?"

