
[1] 

[2] Melindra interrupts herself, because we can all suddenly feel an immense amount of pressure in the air, making it hard to breathe, while the sky looks like it's trembling under the sheer force of the magical power that has flooded our entire area. As we slowly adapt to the pressure and begin to breathe more normally, the revenant is getting raised higher and higher into the air, while her eyes are still bright yellow, staring into nothingness.

"What the hell?!" Hadrik shouts. "What is with this crazy amount of magical power? Arraka is still in the amulet, isn't she?"

"Ahahahahahaha!" Arraka laughs, from inside her amulet.

"This is not Arraka's doing," Melindra says, as she struggles to remain calm. "I already told you. That sage battle from earlier will seem like nothing, compared to what's about to happen."


[3] Melindra interrupts herself, because we can all suddenly feel an immense amount of pressure in the air, making it hard to breathe, while the sky looks like it's trembling under the sheer force of the magical power that has flooded our entire area. As we slowly adapt to the pressure and begin to breathe more normally, Rose is getting raised higher and higher into the air, while her eyes are still bright yellow, staring into nothingness.

"What the hell?!" Hadrik shouts. "What is with this crazy amount of magical power? Arraka is still in the amulet, isn't she?"

"Ahahahahahaha!" Arraka laughs, from inside her amulet.

"This is not Arraka's doing," Melindra says, as she struggles to remain calm. "I already told you. That sage battle from earlier will seem like nothing, compared to what's about to happen."


[4] "Can you STOP with the time reversals, already?" Arraka says, exasperated, after a while. "You're making me dizzy!"

Upon hearing Arraka's words, the God of Time casts one last time-reversal spell, and then he lowers the amount of pressure in the air above us, making sure that he is no longer hurting us, but still keeping us pressed against the ground.

"THANK you!" Arraka says, in the same exasperated tone.

"I see that living amongst these mortals has taught you some long-overdue basic etiquette, Arraka," the God of Time says. "It is regrettable that you could not learn these manners before we were forced to banish you from our realm."

"Forced?..." Arraka says. "Hah! You only did it because you were afraid of me. It's funny, because while we were both living in the magical plane, I hadn't pegged you as the cowardly type. And yet, twice, you ran away from me. Once with the banishment, and a second time six hundred years ago. What happened to that unfinished duel of ours, eh? Didn't you say that we would settle our scores, eventually?"

"And we will," the God of Time says. "As soon as we are both back to our peak conditions. You wouldn't want to fight me from inside an amulet, would you?"


[5] "Yeah, it was this century, wasn't it?..." Arraka says, as she is now ignoring the God of Time completely, while getting lost in her own thoughts. "And the prophecy was pretty specific about his death too. It said that he would get killed by a member of the civilized races from the earthen plane, who would originate from a region called Varathia. I remember how Memphir kept rechecking that prophecy again and again, in the hopes that something would change, even if he always got the exact same result. He was becoming completely obsessed with it... I bet he must have really freaked out when Eiden named this continent Varathia, huh? And now that the time limit is drawing closer, the so-called 'God of Fate' even went as far as forming a temporary alliance with the 'God of Death', saying that he'd help him with his indiscriminate murders, as long as they were being focused on Varathia! I honestly don't get what's going through Memphir's head. If I were in his place, I'd just reduce this entire continent to a pile of ashes in one day, and be done with it!"


[6] "Mhm..." Arraka says. "It is somewhat of a tradition for the Magium to send a time weaver on the earthen plane, every time there is the potential for a great number of lives to be lost in a short period of time. Especially when it comes to this continent. When the time weaver's powers finally awaken, the person who was gifted with these powers will enter some kind of trance, they will freeze time, and then they will walk patiently towards several groups of people, delivering the prophecy to them, one by one. That's how it's always been."

"But then... what does the God of Time have to do with all of this?" I ask.

"Oh, Selkram is just hijacking the signal, so to speak," Arraka says. "He found a way, long ago, to take advantage of a time weaver's trance to temporarily link himself directly to the Magium, and he is using this connection to insert a ritual of his own into the mix. You know how the other gods get their power through large numbers of followers? Well, Selkram doesn't have any followers. He's going for quality over quantity. Basically, since the groups visited by time weavers have the potential to affect the lives of hundreds of thousands of people, he decided to channel all of his efforts into exploiting people like you, instead of begging for the adoration of a bunch of sheep, like all the other gods are doing."

"What... kind of ritual are you talking about?" I ask Arraka, a little apprehensively.

"Well, I don't really know all the details," Arraka says, "since these rituals of his always change, but there should almost certainly be some time-travelling involved, in at least one of the stages. When's the ritual starting, anyway?"


[7] As the donkey in front of our barn is making loud and scared noises, my parents and my little brother are just coming back to the house, and they're rushing towards the yard, to see what is happening to my sister. They're still alive... My parents are still alive. This time I didn't arrive too late. I can still save them. I can make things right. I can-- wait... what about that trial the God of Time was talking about? Is saving my parents part of the trial, or am I supposed to be doing something else?

No... To hell with that trial! I'm being offered a once in a lifetime opportunity to fix my past mistakes. I'm not going to throw it away. This time, I won't be too late. This time, I'm going to save them all.


[8] As I drop the pitchfork from my hands, along with the banshee's body, my mother comes to hug me tightly, and then she just holds me in her arms for a few seconds, without saying anything.

"Thank you..." my mother says. "Thank you so much for saving him. I can't even imagine how it would have been to lose both my daughter and my husband in the same day."

She then retracts all of a sudden, as she takes a look at my wound.

"I'm sorry," she says. "I shouldn't have been pressing on your wound like that. I'll go get some bandages and some rubbing alcohol from the house. It looks like it's only a surface-level wound, so it should be enough to clean it up a little. I'll be right back!"

She then rushes towards the house, as my father is still apparently in a state of shock from what happened, and my brother is crying in the background.


[9] As I look towards my parents' corpses, lying close to the banshee, I cannot help but feel a sharp pain in my chest area, around my heart, although it passes soon afterwards. This is the second time I've failed to save them. No... I can't think like this. My parents were already dead. This was no different from a dream. A terrible dream that is now finally over--

A bright white light suddenly engulfs me, as my consciousness is yet again being transferred to a different body. When the light and my dizziness fade away, I once more find myself in the same forest, while my sister's aura can be felt very clearly, in the distance.


[10] When I reach the edge of the forest, I can hear the screams of my parents, as they are being murdered, one by one, by my sister. There is nothing I can do to help them. I need to stay strong.

As soon as I stop hearing their voices, I rush out of the forest as fast as I can, and into the barn, to grab the pitchfork. My brother is now running away from the banshee, just like I remember he did, all those years ago. While she is busy chasing my brother, the banshee is an easy target. I quickly circle around her, and I run my pitchfork right through her stomach, from behind. The banshee tries to turn around, and to attack me, but she is too weakened, due to her awakening. Eventually, she stops moving, and she drops to the ground, as I let go of my pitchfork, so it can fall along with her.

As I look towards my parents' corpses, lying close to the banshee, I cannot help but feel a sharp pain in my chest area, around my heart, although it passes soon afterwards. This is the second time I've failed to save them. No... I can't think like this. My parents were already dead. This was no different from a dream. A terrible dream that is now finally over--

A bright white light suddenly engulfs me, as my consciousness is yet again being transferred to a different body. When the light and my dizziness fade away, I once more find myself in the same forest, while my sister's aura can be felt very clearly, in the distance.


[11] My mother screams in terror, as she sees my father die before her eyes. She is now much too scared to move, but before her dying moments, she manages to utter a few last words.

"Barry, please... save me..." she says.

Just like before, I do not move from my spot, I do not answer her, and the banshee kills her by slitting her throat, with a dagger made of sharpened rock. When the banshee sees me just standing there, looking at my parents' corpses, she begins to laugh. The exact same sinister laughter that I remember clearly to this day. And now I finally know what she was laughing about. She wasn't laughing because she enjoyed killing my parents. She was laughing at me.

It wasn't that I arrived too late. That was never what happened. I was there when my parents were being attacked. I saw it all happen before my eyes. I had the pitchfork in my hands, ready to strike, but when I got closer to the banshee, and saw her monstrous figure staring at me with that vicious look in her eyes, I simply froze. I completely froze, in fear, and I couldn't even hear my father and mother begging me to help them. It was only when my little brother was almost about to get killed by the banshee as well, that I finally mustered up the courage to attack her. That is what really happened, fifteen years ago, and what I've completely blocked from my mind for more than half of my life.


[12] "What do you mean you want us to watch my friends during their trials?..." I ask Arraka, once I get a good grasp of our situation. "You have a way to see what's happening in the past?"

"Sure," Arraka says. "It's not that hard. They're all connected to the Magium, right now, so if you know how to link yourself up to their auras properly, you should be able to see what they are seeing."

"The Magium..." I say, as I suddenly remember the discussion that Arraka had with the God of Time before he sent us back in time. "You were saying before that the Magium is the one that sent the revenant here to give us the prophecy. What did you mean by that? Are you saying that the Magium is a person?"

"Ahahahahaha!" Arraka laughs. "Illuna did you hear? He asked me if the Magium is a person!"

"I heard him..." Illuna says, in a dry tone, as Arraka continues to laugh in the background.

"Of course you wouldn't answer my question..." I say, as I look towards Arraka's amulet. "Never mind the Magium, then. What can you tell me about the others' rituals?"

"Which ones are you talking about?" Arraka says. "The ones that already passed, or the ones still inside the trance?"


[13] "What do you mean you want us to watch my friends during their trials?..." I ask Arraka, once I get a good grasp of our situation. "You have a way to see what's happening in the past?"

"Sure," Arraka says. "It's not that hard. They're all connected to the Magium, right now, so if you know how to link yourself up to their auras properly, you should be able to see what they are seeing."

"The Magium..." I say, as I suddenly remember the discussion that Arraka had with the God of Time before he sent us back in time. "You were saying before that the Magium is the one that sent Rose here to give us the prophecy. What did you mean by that? Are you saying that the Magium is a person?"

"Ahahahahaha!" Arraka laughs. "Illuna did you hear? He asked me if the Magium is a person!"

"I heard him..." Illuna says, in a dry tone, as Arraka continues to laugh in the background.

"Of course you wouldn't answer my question..." I say, as I look towards Arraka's amulet. "Never mind the Magium, then. What can you tell me about the others' rituals?"

"Which ones are you talking about?" Arraka says. "The ones that already passed, or the ones still inside the trance?"


[14] "He can't see or hear us, by the way," Arraka tells me, as we are still in our semi-transparent form. "Just thought I'd make it clear, in case you didn't figure it out by now."

"She could have died..." I hear Daren's voice reverberating from the walls, even though Daren's mouth is still closed. "She could have died right before my eyes, and I would have been powerless to save her..."

"What was that?" I ask Arraka, as I look all around us, to try and find the source of the sound. "Were those... Daren's thoughts?"

"Of course they were his thoughts," Arraka says. "What else could they have been?"

"You have the ability to read people's minds?" I say, starting to panic a little.

"No, you idiot!" Arraka says. "How many times do I need to tell you that your friends are connected to the Magium, right now? Reading their thoughts while they are in this state is easy if you have some decent knowledge of how auras work. Now shut up and pay attention! I didn't bring you here for nothing."


[15] "He can't see or hear us, by the way," Arraka tells me, as we are still in our semi-transparent form. "Just thought I'd make it clear, in case you didn't figure it out by now."

"She's dead..." I hear Daren's voice reverberating from the walls, even though Daren's mouth is still closed. "She was killed right in front of my eyes, and I was powerless to stop it all from happening."

"What was that?" I ask Arraka, as I look all around us, to try and find the source of the sound. "Were those... Daren's thoughts?"

"Of course they were his thoughts," Arraka says. "What else could they have been?"

"You have the ability to read people's minds?" I say, starting to panic a little.

"No, you idiot!" Arraka says. "How many times do I need to tell you that your friends are connected to the Magium, right now? Reading their thoughts while they are in this state is easy if you have some decent knowledge of how auras work. Now shut up and pay attention! I didn't bring you here for nothing."


[16] "What do you mean you won't interfere?" Daren says, with an anxious tone in his voice. "You're still going to give Barry the power to attack the noble, right?"

"Is that what I did the last time you experienced these events?" Eiden asks, with a wicked smile. "Why was it Barry that saved the slave instead of you? Is it because you refused my offer? Yes, that would make sense, wouldn't it? But this time, you won't be able to rely on your friend to clean up your mess anymore. So, what are you going to do?"

"This bastard..." I hear Daren thinking. "I should have known he couldn't be trusted. But if Barry isn't going to save Ella anymore, then that means..."

Suddenly, we hear Ella screaming in fear, as the earl of Ollendor is now holding his knife in his hand, while approaching her slowly.

"Please, I beg you!" Ella says, as she is desperately trying to lift all of the luggage that she was supposed to carry, in her hands. "Give me one more chance. I can still carry these bags for you. I don't want to die!"

"Then you should have thought of that before wasting my time, wench," the noble says. "Now stand still. I will make your death as swift as possible."


[17] "What do you mean you won't interfere?" Daren says, with an anxious tone in his voice.

"You know exactly what I mean, healer," Eiden says, with a wicked smile. "I'm talking about the offer that I surely must have made to you the last time you experienced these events. And what I'm saying to you is that the offer is no longer valid. So, what are you going to do?"

"This bastard..." I hear Daren thinking. "I should have known he couldn't be trusted. But if he's not going to offer me the power anymore, then that means..."

Suddenly, we hear the slave girl screaming in fear, as the earl of Ollendor is now holding his knife in his hand, while approaching her slowly.

"Please, I beg you!" the slave girl says, as she is desperately trying to lift all of the luggage that she was supposed to carry, in her hands. "Give me one more chance. I can still carry these bags for you. I don't want to die!"

"Then you should have thought of that before wasting my time, wench," the noble says. "Now stand still. I will make your death as swift as possible."


[18] "Then I will beg!" Daren says. "I will beg on my hands and knees. Even though I hate you with all of my heart. Even though I consider you to be one of the most evil and irredeemable people I've ever met. But right now, you are my only hope to save this girl from her terrible fate, and the only thing I can do is to beg for your help. So please... I'm begging you... Give me the power to save this girl, and I will do anything you ask, no matter how humiliating it may be..."

While Daren was talking, I could see Eiden slowly opening his eyes, for a few seconds, with an expression of both shock and amazement on his face. Then, when Daren finished his speech, Eiden smiled, slightly, with his eyes closed.

"You will do anything I ask, you say?" Eiden says. "Then I have only one request."

He pauses, for a second, as he gets a much more serious expression on his face.

"Prove me wrong..." Eiden continues.

The stillwater then raises his hands, and a powerful wind starts spinning around him for a few seconds.


[19] "What happened?" I hear Daren's thoughts in the background. "What did I do wrong? What does this ritual want from me?!"

"And, our next destination is the Beacon of Hope!" Arraka says. "Hold on, tight! It's going to be a bumpy ride. Nah, I'm just kidding. We're already here."


[20] "So, you're saying that my friends can't die either?" I say. "They're just in an imaginary world, right now?"

"No, this only applies to us, because we are projections, like I said," Arraka tells me. "The worlds that your friends have been transported into are very much real. It's just that they're not OUR world. They are parallel worlds, similar to ours, in which the future never actually happened. Obviously, none of the changes that they make in those worlds will affect our world in the slightest, but they have no way of knowing that. Didn't you find it strange that you managed to pass your own ritual even if it should normally have been impossible for you to perfectly reproduce the exact actions you took fifteen years ago, down to the last detail? That's because it wasn't the laws of time preventing you from doing what you wanted. It was just Selkram, messing with your head."

"The God of Time..." I say, as I am suddenly filled with uncontrollable hatred, just by uttering his name. "Is he watching us, right now?"


[21] "I'll... try..." Diane says, hesitantly.

"Thank you," Kate says. "I will come to talk to you again, after speaking with the caretaker about the collars. I'm sure we'll be able to work something out. See you soon!"

"Alright," Arraka says, as Kate walks out of the room. "I took a quick look through the following events, and I think it should be safe to skip the next part. I'll just go ahead and--"

"Wait," I say. "What's the next part about?"

"Oh," Arraka says, "it's just some uninteresting stuff about her talking with the caretaker, and him confirming that it's possible to take off the collars. It's a waste of time."

