
[1] 

[2] "The revenant, again..." Daren says, with a cold look on his face. "Come on, let's see what she wants."

We all do as Daren says, and we head over to the revenant, until we are right in front of her. As soon as we reach her, the revenant stops in her tracks, and she continues to stare straight ahead, with the same blank expression on her face.

"Why did you come here, revenant?" Daren asks her. "And why did you freeze time?"

The revenant does not react to Daren's words in any way. She doesn't even seem to be aware of our presence. It's as if she were in some sort of... trance.


[3] "Rose?..." Daren says. "But wasn't she in Thilias, just yesterday?... Come on, let's get closer to her!"

We all do as Daren says, and we head over to Rose, until we are right in front of her. As soon as we reach her, Rose stops in her tracks, and she continues to stare straight ahead, with the same blank expression on her face.

"Rose, can you hear us?" Kate says.

Rose does not react to Kate's words in any way. She doesn't even seem to be aware of our presence. It's as if she were in some sort of... trance.


[4] All of a sudden, the revenant disappears from before our eyes, and we can hear her voice coming from behind us. As we all turn around, we realize that it wasn't only her voice, but the revenant herself who had switched positions, in a fraction of a second. The voice that is coming out of her mouth barely sounds like that of Rose, due to the high amount of reverberation in it.

"A prophecy, I have come to tell you..." the revenant says.

"Here we go," Arraka says.

"A prophecy of things that may come to pass, but which have not yet been set in stone," the revenant continues. "Listen carefully, to the events that will be foretold, and you may be able to prevent them from happening, before it is too late."

The revenant then disappears again, and she reappears on our left side, preparing to speak again, as the echo in her voice gets more intense, in order to signify the beginning of the prophecy. After each line that she speaks, the revenant disappears and appears in a different place, making us all turn our heads in confusion.


[5] All of a sudden, Rose disappears from before our eyes, and we can hear her voice coming from behind us. As we all turn around, we realize that it wasn't only her voice, but Rose herself who had switched positions, in a fraction of a second. The voice that is coming out of her mouth barely sounds like that of Rose, due to the high amount of reverberation in it.

"A prophecy, I have come to tell you..." Rose says.

"Here we go," Arraka says.

"A prophecy of things that may come to pass, but which have not yet been set in stone," Rose continues. "Listen carefully, to the events that will be foretold, and you may be able to prevent them from happening, before it is too late."

Rose then disappears again, and she reappears on our left side, preparing to speak again, as the echo in her voice gets more intense, in order to signify the beginning of the prophecy. After each line that she speaks, Rose disappears and appears in a different place, making us all turn our heads in confusion.


[6] "Hey, I could make that prophecy happen in less than a day, if you want," Arraka says. "That way, you wouldn't have to waste any more time trying to figure it out. All you have to do is let me out of this amulet. What do you say?"

"I think I'd rather figure it out by myself, if you don't mind," I say.

"Your loss," Arraka says.

"So, is this it?..." Daren says. "Is the prophecy over?"

"If you're asking only about the prophecy, then yes, it is over," Melindra says.

"You're saying that we should be expecting something else, right after the prophecy?" Daren says.

"Only if everything happens in the same way that it did six hundred years ago," Melindra says. "The last time I've had the honor of witnessing a time weaver's prophecy, I didn't have to wait long until--"


[7] She then kneels before the God of Time, with her head bowed down, while she signals Daren to do the same.

An adversary that can make even someone as proud as Melindra act this way? I don't like where this is going. Clearly, if I mess around here, I could end up getting everyone killed. But should I really kneel before this bastard?

While I was standing there, considering my options, the God of Time was slowly materializing into a more earthly form, although I'm not sure if I could really call it that. His body has the form and the size of a human, but it is made out of a sort of solid blue light, which is simply radiating magical energy. The man has no face, and no distinguishable features, aside from a few small blue flames that keep appearing and disappearing randomly throughout his body, at random short time intervals. He is currently floating in mid-air, next to the revenant, and he is looking straight at us, with his empty face.

"It is not wise to keep a god waiting..." the God of Time says. "I told you to kneel."

"Don't listen to what he says," Arraka tells us. "He needs you alive for his plans to work. He can't do anything to you. He's just bluffing."


[8] She then kneels before the God of Time, with her head bowed down, while she signals Daren to do the same.

An adversary that can make even someone as proud as Melindra act this way? I don't like where this is going. Clearly, if I mess around here, I could end up getting everyone killed. But should I really kneel before this bastard?

While I was standing there, considering my options, the God of Time was slowly materializing into a more earthly form, although I'm not sure if I could really call it that. His body has the form and the size of a human, but it is made out of a sort of solid blue light, which is simply radiating magical energy. The man has no face, and no distinguishable features, aside from a few small blue flames that keep appearing and disappearing randomly throughout his body, at random short time intervals. He is currently floating in mid-air, next to Rose, and he is looking straight at us, with his empty face.

"It is not wise to keep a god waiting..." the God of Time says. "I told you to kneel."

"Don't listen to what he says," Arraka tells us. "He needs you alive for his plans to work. He can't do anything to you. He's just bluffing."


[9] "I will not repeat myself again," the God of Time says. "Kneel."

Kate and the others exchange a few hesitant looks, but it doesn't seem as if any of them are planning to follow the god's orders, even after his previous display of power.

"Sorry," Hadrik says, with half a grin, while trying to mimic his usual confident tone. "My doctor told me that kneeling is bad for my--"

"I said KNEEL!" the god shouts, and then an immense amount of pressure pushes us all to the ground, including Melindra and me, who were already kneeling.

We are now all being squashed against the rocky soil by an incredible force, and I can already feel the pain from my internal organs bleeding, as the enormous pressure above us just keeps getting more and more unbearable. In order to make sure that he doesn't kill us, the God of Time keeps casting time reversal spells every ten seconds or so, thus healing our internal wounds, just so they can be reformed again and again, over the course of the next few minutes. 

During this time, I can't manage to pay attention to anything around me. Every ounce of my energy is being focused into withstanding the pain. I can no longer tell if the screams that I'm hearing are coming from me, or from my friends. It's as if I've voluntarily entered some sort of trance, trying to become one with the pain. Trying to let it flow through me. No matter how hard I try, however, the pain keeps getting the better of me, and then I need to regain my focus all over again.


[10] "I will not repeat myself again," the God of Time says. "Kneel."

The others and I exchange a few hesitant looks, but neither of us seems to be in a hurry to follow the god's orders, even after his previous display of power. 

"Sorry," Hadrik says, with half a grin, while trying to mimic his usual confident tone. "My doctor told me that kneeling is bad for my--"

"I said KNEEL!" the god shouts, and then an immense amount of pressure pushes us all to the ground, including Melindra, who was already kneeling.

We are now all being squashed against the rocky soil by an incredible force, and I can already feel the pain from my internal organs bleeding, as the enormous pressure above us just keeps getting more and more unbearable. In order to make sure that he doesn't kill us, the God of Time keeps casting time reversal spells every ten seconds or so, thus healing our internal wounds, just so they can be reformed again and again, over the course of the next few minutes. 

During this time, I can't manage to pay attention to anything around me. Every ounce of my energy is being focused into withstanding the pain. I can no longer tell if the screams that I'm hearing are coming from me, or from my friends. It's as if I've voluntarily entered some sort of trance, trying to become one with the pain. Trying to let it flow through me. No matter how hard I try, however, the pain keeps getting the better of me, and then I need to regain my focus all over again.


[11] "I will not stand here and listen to you mocking--" the God of Time starts to say, but Arraka cuts him off.

"You both should have listened to Memphir," Arraka says. "He's the only one with a brain out of all you 'gods'. I bet he tried to stop you from absorbing the spirits, didn't he? I never heard HIM using different voices when he spoke. How is Memphir, by the way? Isn't the time limit for his own prophecy due at some point during this century?"

"The God of Fate and his prophecy are none of your busin--" the God of Time starts to say, but he gets cut off yet again.


[12] "And because of yours!" Flower shouts, all of a sudden. "It's your fault that Petal has to live like this! She never wanted this life. She never wanted to kill anyone. And neither did any of the other banshees. I will never forgive you for what you've done!"

"You will never forgive me?..." the God of Time says, sounding genuinely puzzled. "You must have a very short memory, if you can afford to talk to me like this, after all that has happened. Allow me to refresh that short memory of yours, a little."

He then begins to increase the pressure that was pushing Flower against the ground, until she starts screaming in pain. After a few more seconds, the God of Time reverses time once again, to make sure that he doesn't kill her by accident, and he continues to squash her, over and over again, like before. 

"Oh, no..." Arraka says. "Not the time reversals again... Just kill me and put me out of my misery!"


[13] "It's not just him, who is surprisingly weak, however..." Selkram says, as he flies to a higher position, in order to have a better look at all of us. "Neither of the people in this group, except for the stillwater girl, can even begin to compare with the ones from six hundred years ago, in terms of magical power. Last time, there was the golden fox, there was that stillwater you were fused with, and there was also the really strong stillwater who was travelling with the fox. Eiden, I believe was his name? Compare that to what we have here, and it all seems like a cruel joke. Why even bother to send the time weaver to any of these people? They will probably just get killed off within the next couple of days, if they are lucky enough to even survive that long..."

"What are you... Ngh... talking about?" I say, as I'm having a little trouble speaking properly, due to my face being constantly pushed in the dirt. "Aren't you the one who sent the time weaver here?"

"Hah!" Arraka says. "Selkram WISHES he could just control time weavers whenever he wants! The Magium is the one who sent the time weaver here, not this sad excuse for a god."

"The Magium?..." I say, too shocked to be able to do anything other than repeat her words.


[14] "It's not just her, who is surprisingly weak, however..." Selkram says, as he flies to a higher position, in order to have a better look at all of us. "Neither of the people in this group, except for the stillwater girl, can even begin to compare with the ones from six hundred years ago, in terms of magical power. Last time, there was the golden fox, there was that stillwater you were fused with, and there was also the really strong stillwater who was travelling with the fox. Eiden, I believe was his name? Compare that to what we have here, and it all seems like a cruel joke. Why even bother to send the time weaver to any of these people? They will probably just get killed off within the next couple of days, if they are lucky enough to even survive that long..."

"What are you... Ngh... talking about?" I say, as I'm having a little trouble speaking properly, due to my face being constantly pushed in the dirt. "Aren't you the one who sent the time weaver here?"

"Hah!" Arraka says. "Selkram WISHES he could just control time weavers whenever he wants! The Magium is the one who sent the time weaver here, not this sad excuse for a god."

"The Magium?..." I say, too shocked to be able to do anything other than repeat her words.


[15] "Mhm..." Arraka says. "It is somewhat of a tradition for the Magium to send a time weaver on the earthen plane, every time there is the potential for a great number of lives to be lost in a short period of time. Especially when it comes to this continent. When the time weaver's powers finally awaken, the person who was gifted with these powers will enter some kind of trance, they will freeze time, and then they will walk patiently towards several groups of people, delivering the prophecy to them, one by one. That's how it's always been."

"But then... what does the God of Time have to do with all of this?" I ask.

"Oh, Selkram is just hijacking the signal, so to speak," Arraka says. "He found a way, long ago, to take advantage of a time weaver's trance to temporarily link himself directly to the Magium, and he is using this connection to insert a ritual of his own into the mix. You know how the other gods get their power through large numbers of followers? Well, Selkram doesn't have any followers. He's going for quality over quantity. Basically, since the groups visited by time weavers have the potential to affect the lives of hundreds of thousands of people, he decided to channel all of his efforts into exploiting people like you, instead of begging for the adoration of a bunch of sheep, like all the other gods are doing."

"What... kind of ritual are you talking about?" I ask Arraka, a little apprehensively.

"Well, I don't really know all the details," Arraka says, "since these rituals of his always change, but there should almost certainly be some time-travelling involved, in at least one of the stages. When's the ritual starting, anyway?"

ssssssss
[16] After he stops talking, the God of Time releases Rose from his grasp, and then he waves his hand in front of her face, which causes the bright light to fade from her eyes. Rose is now looking all around her, confused, trying to understand where she is, and why she is floating above the ground, next to a blue man with no face.

"What's going on?..." Rose asks. "How did I get here?"

"You will have your questions answered in due time," the God of Time says. "For now, all you need to know is that you will soon be participating in a godly ritual, and that the only way to make it out of there with your sanity intact will be to pass the trials that you will be facing. The ritual will begin shortly."

He pauses.

"Oh, and just to be perfectly clear..." the God of Time says, in a louder voice. "The ritual will be affecting all of the people in this general area who are not currently frozen in time. This also includes those that may be hiding behind an invisibility spell, watching us from a distance."

"Hah!" Arraka says. "I knew it!"

"Let the ritual commence," the god says, and then a blinding white light fills our entire area, making it impossible to see any further than my own hands.


[17] After he stops talking, the God of Time releases Rose from his grasp, and then he waves his hand in front of her face, which causes the bright light to fade from her eyes. Rose is now looking all around her, confused, trying to understand where she is, and why she is floating above the ground, next to a blue man with no face.

"What's going on?..." Rose asks. "How did I get here?"

"You will have your questions answered in due time," the God of Time says. "For now, all you need to know is that you will soon be participating in a godly ritual, and that the only way to make it out of there with your sanity intact will be to pass the trials that you will be facing. The ritual will begin shortly."

"Oh, no..." Rose says, all of a sudden, when she finally notices me and the others, lying on the ground. "What happened, here?"

"Just a little run-in with a god," I say, trying hard to act like my usual, nonchalant self. "Nothing too serious."

"The ritual will now commence," the God of Time says. "Prepare yourselves."

After the god is done talking, a blinding white light fills our entire area, making it impossible to see any further than my own hands.


[18] "I see that you've removed me from my trance," the revenant says. "Should I take it that you're going to force me to participate in your ritual?"

"How very astute of you," the God of Time says. "It seems that Ulruk has instructed you well."

"There was no need for him to instruct me," the revenant says. "The spell that brought me into this world implanted a lot of the God of Death's knowledge into my mind, including details about your rituals, and about your personality. Taking these factors into account, it wasn't hard for me to predict that your first reaction when finding out about me would be to try and 'punish' the God of Death for meddling in your affairs. And what better way to punish him, than through me, his loyal follower?"

"At long last, Ulruk has found himself a follower that can compensate for his lack of wits," the God of Time says. "But let's see how far your wits can carry you in the trials ahead. The ritual is about to begin. Prepare yourself."

He pauses.

"Oh, and just to be perfectly clear..." the God of Time says, in a louder voice. "The ritual will be affecting all of the people in this general area who are not currently frozen in time. This also includes those that may be hiding behind an invisibility spell, watching us from a distance."

"Hah!" Arraka says. "I knew it!"

"Let the ritual commence," the god says, and then a blinding white light fills our entire area, making it impossible to see any further than my own hands.


[19] "I see that you've removed me from my trance," the revenant says. "Should I take it that you're going to force me to participate in your ritual?"

"How very astute of you," the God of Time says. "It seems that Ulruk has instructed you well."

"There was no need for him to instruct me," the revenant says. "The spell that brought me into this world implanted a lot of the God of Death's knowledge into my mind, including details about your rituals, and about your personality. Taking these factors into account, it wasn't hard for me to predict that your first reaction when finding out about me would be to try and 'punish' the God of Death for meddling in your affairs. And what better way to punish him, than through me, his loyal follower?"

"At long last, Ulruk has found himself a follower that can compensate for his lack of wits," the God of Time says. "But let's see how far your wits can carry you in the trials ahead. The ritual is about to begin. Prepare yourself."

After the god is done talking, a blinding white light fills our entire area, making it impossible to see any further than my own hands.


[20] I throw all those thoughts away, and I start running as fast as I can, towards the house that I once used to call my home. I say that I'm running towards my house, but truth be told, my home used to be more of a cabin, really. It was made almost entirely of wood, and it was somewhat isolated from the rest of the village, because my father liked the quiet. We had a river close to us, and we could get all the firewood we needed from this forest, so we were somewhat independent of the other town folk. We even had a small patch of land, that we were farming, and a barn, where we kept our hay. It's funny how I can still remember all of these details so vividly, when I haven't thought about this place in many years.

As soon as I reach the edge of the forest, I take a look towards the old cabin, and my heart skips a beat, when I see my little sister in the middle of our front yard, just as the banshee within her is awakening, and preparing to take over her body. That powerful magical aura radiating from her is just as sinister as I remembered, and it's sending shivers down my spine. Not only is my sister's aura changing, but her body is also transforming into something that could no longer be called human. Her face looks like it's melting, and her skin is turning purple, while the rest of her body is getting slowly deformed.


[21] "Barry..." my father says. "What are you doing with that pitchfork? Your sister is very ill! We need to get her to a doctor."

"What she has is not curable," I tell him. "I need to kill her, before she kills us all."

"Barry, what are you saying?!" my mother says, shocked. "There has to be a way to save her. You can't just kill her, like this. She is your sister!"

"What you see there is no longer my sister," I say. "She is a banshee. Let me pass."

"I don't care what she is," my father says, with a determined look on his face, as he places himself between me and the banshee. "I'm not letting you harm my little girl."

"There's no time to be having this argument," I say. "We need to kill her quick, before she--"

I don't get to finish my sentence, because the banshee has just completed her awakening, and she made full use of our distraction to run her hand through my father's chest, from behind, impaling him as if she'd used a spear.

"No!!!" I shout, as my father falls to the ground, gurgling up blood.

I then try to dash towards the banshee with my pitchfork, but she was waiting for me. All she needed to do was conjure a sharp lance made of stone, out of thin air, and she sent it flying straight through my skull, killing me before I even had the chance to reach her.


[22] "Never mind the pitchfork," I say. "Don't take your eyes off Claire. In a matter of seconds, she's going to turn into a monster, and she won't hesitate to attack you."

"Claire? A monster?..." my father says, as he turns towards her, apprehensively. "No, that can't be what's really happening... You are joking, aren't you, Barry?"

"Don't take your eyes off her," I tell him again, with a serious tone in my voice. "If she tries to kill you, I won't hold back against her."

Just as I was done talking, the banshee was already finished with her awakening, and she was preparing for her first strike. I quickly push my father out of the way with one hand, and with the other, I keep hold of my pitchfork. The banshee was trying to impale my father with her bare hand, but due to my intervention, she only managed to lightly wound me in the left side of my abdomen, instead.

My mother gasps, as she sees the blood, dripping out of me.

"Barry!" she shouts, with fear in her voice.

I do not give the banshee the time to attack me again, and I run my pitchfork straight through her chest, while holding the weapon with both my hands. The banshee screams in a very loud and shrieky voice, but she doesn't manage to muster the strength for another strike, and after a few more seconds, her screams and her squirming all come to an end, along with her life.


[23] I quickly look down, to confirm that I am in the same, thirteen year old body, and then I start to run towards my house, as fast as I can. I don't know why I'm running. My magical sense is enough to give me all the information I need. The aura of the banshee possessing my sister is just as strong as it was the first time I was sent back in time. I can also sense that my parents and my little brother have not reached our house yet. I can sense it all. So why am I running?...

As soon as I reach the edge of the forest, and look towards our house, I see my sister turning into a banshee, just like before. Everything I did was for nothing. It's going to happen again. And I'm the only one who can stop it from happening.


[24] "No, Helen," my father says, with the same dark look on his face as before, while he is not letting me out of his sight. "The boy needs to know. I WANT him to know. Barry... I want you to remember what I'm about to tell you, for every single day that you'll be spending rotting away in prison. You are NOT our son. You never were. Your real parents were a couple of outsiders who moved into our remote village less than a year before you were born. They were both murdered in broad daylight, a few years later, by some hooded thugs that somehow managed to then vanish without a trace, and since there was no one left to care for you, Helen and I decided to take you in. But we only did it out of pity, and because nobody else wanted you. Do you understand?! Nobody wanted you! Nobody wanted--"

The last words of my father's sentence were completely drowned out by the sound of my mother slapping him very hard across the face.

"I said that's enough!" my mother says, as she looks at him with a determined look on her face, while she wipes a tear from her eyes.


[25] I stop a few dozen feet away from the edge of the woods, and I wait there for my parents to try talking to the banshee. I can't let either of them spot me. I need to do everything just like I did it fifteen years ago. I need to arrive late.

When I start hearing the screams of my parents, as they are being murdered, I get the sudden urge to get out there and save them, but I manage to restrain myself. There is nothing I can do to help them. I need to stay strong.

As soon as I stop hearing their voices, I rush out of the forest as fast as I can, and into the barn, to grab the pitchfork. My brother is now running away from the banshee, just like I remember he did, all those years ago. While she is busy chasing my brother, the banshee is an easy target. I quickly circle around her, and I run my pitchfork right through her stomach, from behind. The banshee tries to turn around, and to attack me, but she is too weakened, due to her awakening. Eventually, she stops moving, and she drops to the ground, as I let go of my pitchfork, so it can fall along with her.


[26] "And regarding your sister..." my mother continues. "I can't bring myself to believe that you killed her without a reason. We all could feel the powerful and unnatural magical aura coming from your sister just minutes ago, and we could see from a distance what monstrous form she'd taken, before you killed her. I... don't know anything about magic, and neither does your father. But you were always fascinated by it, and always took every opportunity you had to learn more about it. If that thing your sister was turning into was dangerous enough that you had to kill her, I am willing to trust your word on it, no matter how painful it would be for me to accept it. But you have to give me your word. You have to swear to me that there was no other way. Barry, can you swear this to me?"

"Yes, I swear!" I say. "There's no way I would have--"

It's no use. I can't talk anymore. The dizziness has overwhelmed me yet again, and I can feel myself being pulled out of my body, while the bright light blinds me just like the last two times. Once the dizziness and the light are both gone, I find myself in the exact same spot that I am now all too familiar with, while my sister's aura can be clearly felt beyond the edge of the forest, as strong as ever.


[27] As I stand there and try to decide upon my next course of action, a dark thought suddenly crosses my mind, regarding a scenario that I've completely avoided to take into consideration until this moment. What if this ritual isn't about me saving my parents? What if the only reason why the God of Time sent me here was to force me to relive my past mistakes, and to show me how powerless I am to change them? Arraka did mention that these rituals are meant to exploit us for the god's own benefit. And after all that the God of Time has done to us, it just wouldn't make sense for him to help us change our past, out of the kindness of his heart.

The more I think about it, the more it makes sense. It's not like the 'God of Time' is an actual god. He didn't create time. He doesn't have any control over it. The only way to undo something that has already happened is through a time reversal spell. If my parents' deaths have not been undone through magic, then my presence here is irrelevant. I will just be forced to repeat these same events, over and over, until I take the exact same actions that I took when I was thirteen years of age. There was never any other option. I was a fool to think otherwise.

I slowly begin to advance towards my old house, while I'm trying hard to maintain my calm. There is no other way. I only need to get through this one more time, and then it will be over.

As I walk through the forest, I make sure that I don't arrive to the cabin too early, so that I'm not spotted by my parents or by the banshee. I need to do everything just like I did it fifteen years ago. I need to arrive late.


[28] When I reach the edge of the forest, I can hear the screams of my parents, as they are being murdered, one by one, by my sister. There is nothing I can do to help them. I need to stay strong.

As soon as I stop hearing their voices, I rush out of the forest as fast as I can, and into the barn, to grab the pitchfork. My brother is now running away from the banshee, just like I remember he did, all those years ago. While she is busy chasing my brother, the banshee is an easy target. I quickly circle around her, and I run my pitchfork right through her stomach, from behind. The banshee tries to turn around, and to attack me, but she is too weakened, due to her awakening. Eventually, she stops moving, and she drops to the ground, as I let go of my pitchfork, so it can fall along with her.

As I look towards my parents' corpses, lying close to the banshee, I cannot help but feel a sharp pain in my chest area, around my heart, although it passes soon afterwards. This is the second time I've failed to save them. No... I can't think like this. My parents were already dead. This was no different from a dream. A terrible dream that is now finally over--

A bright white light suddenly engulfs me, as my consciousness is yet again being transferred to a different body. When the light and my dizziness fade away, I once more find myself in the same forest, while my sister's aura can be felt very clearly, in the distance.


[29] After a few more seconds, the banshee finally awakens, and she tries to impale my father with her bare hand. Amazingly, my father manages to dodge her first attack, so the banshee attacks him a second time, by driving a sharp cone of rock through his leg, making him fall on the ground, as he screams in pain. The banshee is now screaming as well, seemingly because she is also in pain, as a result of straining herself so hard, immediately after her awakening. While the banshee is distracted, my father finally notices me, and he also sees the pitchfork that I am holding in my hands.

"Barry..." my father says. "Quick... Throw me the pitchfork!"

I say nothing to my father, and I continue to stare at him, while I keep cursing the God of Time in my mind, more and more, with each passing second.

"Barry!" my father says, this time in a more desperate tone. "There's no time! You need to give me the pitchfork!"

Unfortunately for him, the banshee had already recovered, and she was preparing for a third, and final attack. My father could not do anything to escape, due to the large wound in his leg, and he was impaled once more, this time through his chest, which killed him almost instantly.


[30] "It looks like you are one of the first to pass this part of the ritual, Barry-boy," Arraka says. "Come, have a seat, and let us enjoy ourselves, while we watch the rest of your friends suffering in their own trials!"

I take a quick glance around me to see what our current situation is. The God of Time is no longer anywhere to be seen, but it doesn't seem like his departure affected the ritual in any way. Daren, Kate, Leila, Hadrik and the revenant appear to be in some form of trance, similar to the one in which the revenant was when she first arrived to this place. Their eyes are bright yellow, and they're just staring in front of themselves, without being aware of our presence. All of them are standing in place right where I left them, except for the revenant, who now has her feet on the ground, instead of floating in mid-air like before. In the meantime, Melindra, Illuna, and presumably Flower are all out of their trances, and they're looking at me attentively.


[31] "It looks like you are one of the first to pass this part of the ritual, Barry-boy," Arraka says. "Come, have a seat, and let us enjoy ourselves, while we watch the rest of your friends suffering in their own trials!"

I take a quick glance around me to see what our current situation is. The God of Time is no longer anywhere to be seen, but it doesn't seem like his departure affected the ritual in any way. Daren, Kate, Leila, Hadrik and Rose appear to be in some form of trance, similar to the one in which Rose was when she first arrived to this place. Their eyes are bright yellow, and they're just staring in front of themselves, without being aware of our presence. All of them are standing in place right where I left them, except for Rose, who now has her feet on the ground, instead of floating in mid-air like before. In the meantime, Melindra, Illuna, and presumably Flower are all out of their trances, and they're looking at me attentively.


[32] "First, let me give you a bit of context!" Arraka says.

"What's happening?" I say. "How did you bring us here?"

"Shh..." Arraka tells me.

"Rose," I hear Daren saying. "Could you show me to my room? All I want right now is to lie down in a bed for a while."

"Certainly!" Rose says. "Follow me, I'll show you the way!"

"Okay, now the healer is heading towards his room, and he's going to stay there for a while," Arraka says. "Remember this part?"

"Yes," I say. "This happened right after we reached Rose's house for the first time. But why are you showing me this? Does this have anything to do with Daren's ritual?"

"I told you," Arraka says. "I'm trying to give you some context! It wouldn't be any fun otherwise. Alright, next up, we'll fast-forward to Daren's room."

Once again, the whole scenery around us changes in an instant, and we both find ourselves inside Daren's room from Rose's mansion, where Daren is currently sitting on the bed, with his torso leaning forward, and his elbows propped on his knees, while he is holding his head with both his hands. Just like before, he seems to be completely unaware of our presence.


[33] "Okay," Arraka tells me. "This is where Daren's ritual actually started. What I've been showing you so far were just fragments of his memories, so you could better understand his motivations. Is everything clear, so far?"

"I guess so..." I say.

"Good," Arraka says. "Now let's watch the show."

"What happened?" I hear Daren's thoughts, echoing throughout the area, as he looks around him confused. "Is this the ritual that Arraka was talking about? Did I get sent to the past?"

"How interesting..." Eiden says, all of a sudden. "The flow of the healer's aura has changed completely, in a matter of seconds. It's as if he's now a different person from the one he was a few moments ago. What could trigger such a change, I wonder... Memory loss? No, no, no... This is something else. Time travel, perhaps? A trial from the God of Time?"

"I don't know what you're talking about," Daren says, trying to feign ignorance. "Who is this God of Time you speak of? I've never heard of him."

"So you did receive a trial, then!" Eiden says, with a grin, as he sees right through Daren's bluff. "But what could be the purpose of the ritual?... Is it to save the slave girl? Either way, I must make sure to not interfere. I would not want you to fail your trial on my account!"


[34] "No, this wasn't supposed to happen!" Daren shouts, completely ignoring the earl, as he is still trying to heal the dead Ella that he is holding in his arms. "It wasn't supposed to be like this. She was supposed to keep living, happily, at Rose's house. She deserved to be happy! Please... If anyone's listening. Give me another chance. I promise I won't fail her again, next time. Please..."

He then starts to sob, quietly, as he continues to hold Ella's corpse tightly in his arms. After a few seconds of silence, except for Daren's slow sobs, a bright white light suddenly envelops the area, and then, a few moments later, we find ourselves in the same area again, but with Ella still alive, and with Daren back where he was when he was first sent back in time.

"Ahahahahaha!" Arraka laughs. "Did you see that? Did you see how well-timed that was? Even if it were all staged, it couldn't have turned out as good as this!"


[35] "No, don't die again, I beg you!" Daren shouts, completely ignoring the earl, as he is still trying to heal the dead girl that he is holding in his arms. "This wasn't supposed to happen. I was going to save you this time. I was going to make things right. Please... If anyone's listening. Give me another chance. I promise I won't fail her again, next time. Please..."

He then starts to sob, quietly, as he continues to hold the slave girl's corpse tightly in his arms. After a few seconds of silence, except for Daren's slow sobs, a bright white light suddenly envelops the area, and then, a few moments later, we find ourselves in the same area again, but with the slave girl still alive, and with Daren back where he was when he was first sent back in time.

"Ahahahahaha!" Arraka laughs. "Did you see that? Did you see how well-timed that was? Even if it were all staged, it couldn't have turned out as good as this!"


[36] "I must make sure to not interfere," I hear Eiden say. "I would not want you to fail your trial on my account!"

"No, you don't understand!" Daren says, with obvious desperation in his voice. "I need you to interfere! I can't fail her again! I need the power that only you can give. The power to attack the noble!"

"Oh?" Eiden asks, surprised. "I honestly wouldn't have expected you to ask me for help so directly. But even so, there is no use in undergoing a trial if you are not going to solve your problems by yourself. I'm afraid that I'll have to decline your request, regardless of what I may have done in your original timeline."

"Damn you!" Daren says. "Do you want me to beg? Is that what you want?"

"No, actually I was--" Eiden starts to say, but he interrupts himself when he sees Daren drop to his hands and knees in front of him, with his head bowed down.


[37] "I did it..." I can hear Daren thinking. "I saved her... This time, I didn't hesitate. I finally managed to make things right."

All of a sudden, the now all-too-familiar white light fills the area around us, in order to once again send Daren back to the beginning of the ritual.

"No, no, no!" Daren shouts, as the light envelops him, but nobody is listening to him, and after a few seconds, he finds himself right back where he started, with the noble still alive and kicking.

"Aha- Ahahahaha!" Arraka laughs. "The idiot actually thought he completed the trial! Can you believe that? And the irony is that all he needed to do for his trial to be complete was to just calm the hell down, and to shut his mouth. That way, Eiden wouldn't have seen any unusual changes in his aura, and he wouldn't have been able to guess that the God of Time sent him back in time. But at this rate, it's going to take him a million years to figure it out! Oh man, this guy is such a good source of comedy!"

"Is his ritual the same as mine, then?" I ask her. "He just needs to recreate the same events that happened the very first time?"

"Yes, most of your rituals were made in the same way," Arraka says. "As long as the past version of you is the one that saves the slave, using Eiden's power, he should be fine. Well, I'm sure he'll figure it out, eventually. Come on, let's go visit some of the other rituals."


[38] "I did it..." I can hear Daren thinking. "I saved her... This time, I didn't hesitate. I finally managed to make things right."

All of a sudden, the now all-too-familiar white light fills the area around us, in order to once again send Daren back to the beginning of the ritual.

"No, no, no!" Daren shouts, as the light envelops him, but nobody is listening to him, and after a few seconds, he finds himself right back where he started, with the noble still alive and kicking.

"Aha- Ahahahaha!" Arraka laughs. "The idiot actually thought he completed the trial! Can you believe that? Imagine what the shock on his face will be when he realizes that the slave actually needs to die, for his ritual to end!"

"Is his ritual the same as mine, then?" I ask her. "He needs to recreate the same events that happened the very first time, in order to succeed?"

"Yes, most of your rituals were made in the same way," Arraka says. "If he wants to pass the trial, the first thing he'll need to do is to calm the hell down, because otherwise Eiden will always be able to tell that something is wrong, from seeing the sudden fluctuations in his aura. Then he'll need to refuse Eiden's offer once again, and to try to convince the noble of his errant ways, which will eventually lead to the slave's death. Well, I'm sure he'll figure it out, eventually. Come on, let's go visit some of the other rituals."


[39] "Wow, these lessathi sure weren't messing around, huh?" Arraka says. "It's like a whole symphony of horrified screams down here. Anyway, this isn't exactly where I wanted to bring you. I'm just gonna need to take a quick look and see what your friend Kate has been doing since the beginning of this ritual, so I can spare you the boring details, and get right to the good stuff. I'll just leave you to enjoy these melodious sounds of pure agony, while I do my thing, okay?"

"Melodious sounds of-- These are children that are screaming, here!" I shout at her. "What the hell is wrong with you?!"

"To be perfectly honest, I couldn't care less about the screaming children," Arraka says. "It's the psychological kind of torture that I usually tend to find amusing, not the physical one. That's why the real entertaining part for me is to see YOUR reactions to all of this. Why else did you think I went through the trouble of bringing you with me to these rituals, if not for my own entertainment?"


[40] "When you're linked directly to the Magium in the way we are now," Arraka says, "terms like 'past', 'future', 'memories', and 'reality' become irrelevant. In here, everything is both real and imaginary at the same time. Allow me to demonstrate!"

A giant, red serpent, with two wings, and four small claws suddenly appears in front of me, and it immediately flies towards me, with a menacing look in its eyes, while its whole body is surrounded by flames. I panic a little, and I jump back, trying to pull my dagger out, but the monster scratches my right leg with one of its claws, and then it disappears just as quickly as it made its appearance.

"Arraka, what did you do?" Flower asks, shocked, as Illuna approaches me, in order to heal me.

"Relax!" Arraka says. "Neither of us can die in here. That scratch right now didn't hurt, did it?"

"Now that you mention it, I suppose it didn't," I say, as Illuna suddenly stops healing my wound, realizing that I was never in any real danger.

"That's because these aren't our real bodies," Arraka says. "They're just our projections. Our real bodies are still right where we left them, stuck in one of those weird trances with the glowy eyes. What I was trying to show you was that I can do whatever I want, while we're in here. It's like my own playground. Obviously, I can't interfere with what your friends are doing, since we don't really exist in their worlds, but as far as spectating goes, my options are unlimited."


[41] We both disappear from the corridor with all the screaming, and we reappear in a dark, empty room where an eleven year old version of Kate seems to be talking with what I'm assuming is a twelve year old version of her friend, Diane. Kate is easy to recognize, because she just looks like a smaller version of her usual self, but Diane has long, blond hair, and a much more frail physique than she had, in her adult form, so it's a bit more difficult for me to tell if it's really her or not. They are both dressed in rags. The room we are in resembles my old holding cell from the arena, with one bed and a small window on top, so I'm guessing that they are most likely in Diane's room, and Kate decided to pay her a visit, in order to tell her something that she knows from the future.

"I didn't manage to make her thoughts audible, so we're going to have to work with what we have," Arraka tells me. "Let's see where this goes."

"I'm telling you, it's not the test of loyalty!" Kate tells Diane, while whispering, in order to make sure that the guards outside don't hear them. "I know that it's hard to believe, but I've come from the future, and I know that the lessathi caretaker who is trying to help us escape will become Leila's adoptive father later on. I know that he can be trusted!"


[42] "Diane, listen to me!" Kate says. "That caretaker is very skilled at tinkering with magical devices. I'm sure that he could find a way to free you of your collars. I will talk to him about this with the first opportunity, but you need to find a way to convince your brother to come with us. Can you do that?"

"You're asking a lot of me, Kate..." Diane says. "If I tell Jason your story about how you came from the future, he'll think I'm insane. I'm not even sure how much I believe what you're saying. I mean... are you sure that it couldn't have been a hallucination of some sort? They've been feeding us really poorly, lately, and--"

"No!" Kate says. "It's real! In a year from now, they're going to shut down the Beacon, due to lack of funds, and then they're going to throw all of us rejects in the jungle to fend for ourselves. I wasn't able to save even one of them... I can't let that happen again! I need to find a way to convince everyone. Just promise me that you'll try to talk to your brother. You don't need to tell him that I'm from the future. Just try to find a way to get through to him. Somehow..."


[43] 