
[1] 

[2] "Arraka," I say, "why didn't you tell us that the mages were invisible?"

"Because they weren't," Arraka says. "If anyone were to hide anywhere invisibly, I would have sensed them."

"Then how do you explain the fact that the ones we were seeing were in fact illusions?" I ask.

"How am I supposed to know that, jackass?" Arraka says. "Figure it out yourself!"

"Can you at least figure out which ones of these are the originals?" I ask.

"No," Arraka says. "I never bothered to learn how to tell the difference between clones and originals, because whenever someone would cast a spell like this against me, I would simply use a spell of my own to destroy them all at the same time, and that would be the end of that."

"Does anyone have any idea why none of the clones have attacked us yet?" Hadrik asks us. "They're just standing there, smirking like a bunch of morons. Do you think they're waiting for something?"


[3] "Wait a minute!" Arraka says. "I think I got it!"

"Do you recognize the spell?" Kate asks.

"Yeah," Arraka says. "This is actually one of Memphir's favorite illusion spells. No wonder he started teaching it to his followers."

"Memphir?" Hadrik asks. "Is that the name of the God of Fate?"

"Yeah, that's him," Arraka says. "The spell is designed in such a way that when all of the illusions get destroyed, the attackers get hit back with all of the spells they'd cast to slay the clones. I always used to fall for that stupid trick."

"How can you tell that it's the exact same spell?" I ask her.

"If you pay close attention, you will see that all of the clones have an easily recognizable signature in their magical auras," Arraka says. "The flow of their auras has a sort of slithering motion to it. Kind of like a snake moving in the grass. Do you get what I'm saying?"

"Yeah, I think I get it," I say.

"Hey, I think I can see it too!" Hadrik says. "This is great! Now we just need to see which of them don't carry this signature, and we'll know who the originals are!"

"Uh-huh," Arraka says. "Good luck with that."


[4] "No, but I found out what kind of illusion spell they are using!" Arraka says. "This is actually one of Memphir's favorites. No wonder he started teaching it to his followers."

"Memphir?" Hadrik asks. "Is that the name of the God of Fate?"

"Yeah, that's him," Arraka says. "The spell is designed in such a way that when all of the illusions get destroyed, the attackers get hit back with all of the spells they'd cast to slay the clones. I always used to fall for that stupid trick."

"How can you tell that it's the exact same spell?" I ask her.

"If you pay close attention, you will see that all of the clones have an easily recognizable signature in their magical auras," Arraka says. "The flow of their auras has a sort of slithering motion to it. Kind of like a snake moving in the grass. Do you get what I'm saying?"

"Yeah, I think I get it," I say.

"Hey, I think I can see it too!" Hadrik says. "This is great! Now we just need to see which of them don't carry this signature, and we'll know who the originals are!"

"Uh-huh," Arraka says. "Good luck with that."


[5] "The green light!" she says. "Of course! I should have realized it immediately! This also explains why their so called trap affected Rose. It's because the reverse is what actually happened. Their mind affecting spell could not target Rose, and so, it appeared to us as if she'd been rendered unconscious. It's probably the same for Flower as well."

"Great," Daren says. "So we're back to square one, then. We need to find the real mages so we can kill them and get out of the illusion."

"No, we don't," Illuna says. "We only needed to do that with the shaman because he'd trapped himself in the illusion with us in order to prevent us from escaping, remember? Since the mages are not actually here with us, it means that this illusion's main purpose was not to kill us, but to buy time so that they could kill us in the real world while we were defenseless. This leads me to believe that time is flowing at the same speed here as in the real world, which is different from what we experienced in the shaman ritual."

"Oh gods," Kate says. "If that's true, then it means that Flower has been fighting the two mages by herself in the real world all this time!"

"Most likely," Illuna says. "We need to get out of here quick. Everyone, close your eyes and start visualizing the moments before the mages cast the illusion on us. You need to do this with the conviction that the image in your head represents the real world, and that you want to return to it. If we all do this at once, we'll break the illusion's effect over us."


[6] "It's alright," Illuna says, as she takes control of the girl's body, but she doesn't get up from the ground. "The girl only fainted due to exhaustion. She's not going to die."

"Do you see what you've done now, fool?" Zack the necromancer tells his ally. "If your useless god's spell had worked properly like you said it would, we wouldn't be in this mess!"

"Don't you dare pin this on me!" the mage in green robes says, while he's sweating all over, looking as if he's about to faint from exhaustion as well. "My spell was never designed to work against fusioned souls. It just targeted the soul that was controlling the body at the time and left the other one alone. There was no way I could have prevented it from happening. You're the only one to blame for this, you stingy bastard! If you had just used that stillwater summoning spell of yours when I told you to, they would have all died within seconds."

"Be quiet, heathen," Zack says. "I can only cast that spell once a day. It would be an insult to the great God of Death Ulruk if I were to waste its one daily use so early in the morning, on the likes of them."

"Are you kidding me?!" the green robed mage says. "Do you have any idea how much magical energy I needed to spend in order to keep them in that illusion for so long? I had to cancel all of my protections two hours ago just so I'd be able to cast the damn spell! I don't even have my magic shield on right now!"

Just as the green robed mage stops talking, an ice cone passes straight through his head, and soon afterwards he falls on the ground, lifeless.


[7] Suddenly, the amulet breaks completely, and a dark aura envelops Illuna, as the girl's body slowly raises itself into the air, in an upright position. A very powerful wind is now blowing in our faces, pushing us all away from her, while the sky is becoming darker and darker by the second. The girl's eyes are now slowly turning from bright blue to pitch black, as she grins widely, while looking at each of us in turn.

"So this is what you all look like in the flesh!" Arraka says. "It was kind of hard to tell from inside the amulet, going by magical sense alone. How you people can get by every day without being mistaken for a circus troupe is beyond me."

"You're one to talk," Hadrik says. "You do realize that you are literally dressed like a clown right now, don't you?"

Arraka grins evilly at Hadrik.

"Dwarf," she says. "Are you sure it's a good idea to be standing there, cracking jokes? Shouldn't you rather be buying me that beer you owe me? I could really go for a drink right about now. That and mass murder. I'm still not sure which one I should be starting with!"

"Flower..." Kate says, weakly. "What happened to Flower? Where are Flower and Illuna?"

"Oh, they're dead," Arraka says. "Or should I rather say... 'absorbed'? What happened is that I merged with their souls when I took over their body. They're both part of me, now."

”So, they're both still in there... somewhere?" Kate asks.


[8] "Wait a minute!" Arraka says. "I know you! You're Vallen, right? Short-legs Vallen who couldn't hold a tune to save his life! You're not going to hurt me, are you? Remember all of those fun times we've had during the still winter? Remember that time when we had to fish you out of a pond because you fell in while you were practicing your flying spell and you suddenly remembered that you couldn't swim? Remember how we used to make fun of you because you always walked funny after you expended all your magical energy? Remember when I tied you to a tree and forced you to watch me slowly murder all of your friends until you could manage to hit all the notes in that kiddy song about the lion and the lamb? Those were the days, huh? Now, how did that song go again?"

Arraka clears her throat and she begins to sing.

"Oh, there was a lamb, a lamb, a lamb," she sings. "And that lamb had such bright white wool!"

As Arraka sings the song, the skeleton named Vallen starts to shake uncontrollably, and it puts both its hands on its head, as if it were having an intense headache. Eventually, its pain turns into rage, and it roars loudly, as it starts shooting fire out of its hands. The fire simply brushes off Arraka's magical shield, and she acts as if nothing happened, continuing to sing her song.


[9] "Yeah, you go ahead and wrap that up and then send it to old Ulruk as a present," Arraka says, as she gestures towards the piles of dust on the ground. "Tell him it's from Arraka. Tell him that he should be expecting many more presents from me in the near future. Tell him that once I'm done with the earthen plane, I'll be paying him a visit. I'll visit him, I'll visit Memphir, I'll visit every single one of the so-called gods that thought it would be a good joke to have me banned from the magical plane along with every other banshee in existence. And then we can all have a party together, while we reminisce over times long forgotten!"   

"Shut up!" Daren says to Arraka all of a sudden, as he starts walking towards her, with a furious look on his face. "I couldn't care less about your past or your personal vendettas. You bring them back, you hear me??? You bring them both back this instant!!!"

"Excuse me?" Arraka says.

"You know what I'm talking about!" Daren says. "Flower and Illuna. You bring them both back right now!"

"What, are you ugly AND stupid?" Arraka says. "Didn't I just tell you that I absorbed their souls when I took over the body? What do you expect me to do, cut them out of me with a meat cleaver?"

"If you're not going to let them go, then I'll force you to do it!" Daren says, as he pulls out his sword. "Prepare yourself, banshee!"


[10] Just like the two before him, Hadrik quickly turns into dust, and all that remains of him is his leather armor and boots.

"Please..." Rose says again, this time with a much weaker voice than before.

They're dead. They all died right in front of me. How can this be? Is this another illusion? It has to be! That's right! This must be an illusion!

I close my eyes and try to visualize the real world in my mind. I try to make the image as clear as possible, and I try to throw myself into it, just like I did before, but nothing's happening. Nothing's happening...

"You're not seriously going to close your eyes and pretend that I'm not here, are you?" Arraka tells me. "Come on, take out your dagger. It's no fun killing you if you don't even put up a fight."


[11] "Huh," Arraka says. "Well, I always knew you were a weakling, but I never imagined it would be this bad. This is painful to watch, really. I think I'm just going to spare you the embarrassment and kill you right now." 

"No, don't do it!" Rose cries as loud as she can.

"Good bye, Barry!" Arraka says, as she waves her hand towards me, and I can feel my whole body starting to quickly dry up. "It was fun while it lasted!"

"Stop!" Rose shouts again, and just as the last echoes of her words fade away, everything around me freezes in place.

My body is not drying up anymore, Arraka isn't moving, and Rose's tears are floating in mid-air. Is this something that normally happens when you die? Is time supposed to feel like it's moving slower as you experience your final moments? I wouldn't know. I've never died before.

All of a sudden, everything begins to move in reverse, as I find myself spectating all of the events that lead to my death. I see Arraka hitting me with the rocks, and then I see her kill Hadrik, and Kate, and then Daren. I see her killing the stillwater skeletons and then I see her breaking out of the amulet. Is this what they call one's life flashing before their eyes? 


[12] "That's enough, Arraka," Illuna says. "I'm not sure what exactly happened after you escaped from the amulet, but I think I can get a general idea from what you just said. You lost. We won. Deal with it. If I hear any more of your whining, I'm going to close this amulet and never open it again. Do you understand?"

Arraka doesn't say anything, but I don't need to see her face to know that she must be fuming right now.

"I'm... alive?" the mage in green robes says. "But... how?"

"It was the wench!" Zack says, as he points towards Rose. "I saw it all happen before my eyes. She reversed time! Do you know what this means? Do you know what it would mean if any of our gods could get ahold of this kind of power?!"

Before the green robed mage gets to answer the question, a cone of ice flies straight through his head, and he dies instantly.

"Your friend really shouldn't have told us that he canceled all of his protection spells two hours ago," Kate tells the necromancer. "That's just begging to be killed over and over."

"I don't care about that sad excuse for a mage anymore," Zack says. "What I care about more than anything now is the woman you are travelling with. Hand her over peacefully, and I will make your deaths swift."

"It's a tough decision to make," Hadrik says, with a grin, "but I'm afraid we're going to have to turn down your generous offer."


[13] "If anyone has any ideas on how we can get out of this alive, now would be a good time to let us know," Daren says, as two newly formed walls of rock are closing in on his barrier, trying to break through it by using brute force.

"We can't fight them head on," Illuna says. "We need to focus on figuring out their weaknesses. They may be stillwaters, but they're still only skeletons. If we examine them carefully, we are bound to discover a thing or two that we can use to our advantage."

"Well, I'm not trying to rush you or anything," Daren says, "but I doubt I can hold this barrier for another minute. Realistically, it'll probably break a lot sooner than that. So, yeah, if you're planning to look for weak spots, you'd better do it quick."

Illuna is right. Even if they are stillwaters, their frail undead bodies are bound to leave them with a few exploitable weaknesses. Azarius has shown us this much. Even if the necromancer has learned from his past mistakes and shielded them against sonic attacks, there still should be something we could take advantage of. Not to mention that the necromancer's spell only lasts five minutes and is limited to one use per day, so barring any more unexpected time reversals, we should be in the clear if we manage to hold out for the entire duration of the spell. 


[14] As I tap the emergency mode message, I suddenly feel a great amount of energy surging through my body, similar to what happened before my fight with the dragon, and just like last time, I realize that I now have access to an impressive roster of spells, as well as the knowledge required to be able to cast them.  For a moment, I could see two additional stats being displayed on the device's screen, next to the nine existent ones. The stats were named 'Magical power' and 'Magical knowledge', but they disappeared almost as quickly as they appeared.

I think I may be starting to understand what's happening here. This 'Emergency mode' somehow powers up two hidden stats that I don't normally have access to, but it only does so temporarily, when the device gets ahold of a surplus of energy that it can't assimilate immediately. This is how Eiden powered up my device for my fight with Tyrath. I'm sure of it. The feeling I'm getting is exactly the same as back then, even though I don't seem to have access to nearly as many spells as I did last time. 

This time around, it seems that I don't have any flight or teleportation spells available, so I guess I'll have to move around the old fashioned way. I'm also missing some of the bigger spells I had access to last time, and I can feel that the power behind each of my spells is significantly weaker than it was when Eiden powered up the device.


[15] Meanwhile, my stat device's emergency mode gives me access to all of the four traditional magical elements, as well as non-traditional ones such as ice, acid and electricity. I also think that my current power level is somewhat comparable to that of each stillwater, but I can't be one hundred percent sure of that because I've never had the opportunity to fight mages on equal terms before. 

The question now is how I'm planning to use all this power. If I go all out and use my strongest spells, there is a great risk that I'll end up harming some of the civilians in the city. The streets may have been emptied, but there are bound to be some locals still taking shelter in the nearby houses, and I can't really guarantee their safety once I start bringing down meteors from the sky.


[16] Meanwhile, my stat device's emergency mode gives me access to all of the four traditional magical elements, as well as non-traditional ones such as ice, acid and electricity. I also think that my current power level is somewhat comparable to that of each stillwater, but I can't be one hundred percent sure of that because I've never had the opportunity to fight mages on equal terms before. 

The question now is what the focus of our fight should be. If we're just aiming to buy time until the necromancer's spell runs out, then our best bet would be to keep reinforcing Daren's barrier, while attacking the skeletons from afar. Our main target in this case should be the supporting stillwater, since he would be the one constantly trying to weaken our barrier, and since killing the necromancer would not actually cancel his spell before its time limit.

If our aim were instead to eliminate the stillwaters directly, our best bet would probably be to aim for the necromancer, since the skeletons' main priority would be to defend their master, and this would serve to disrupt their rhythm.  


[17] I take the initiative and I use one of my spells to bring down a small meteor from the sky, and onto the skeletons. The impact of the meteor sends two of the nearby buildings crashing down, but the magical barrier around the stillwaters is still standing, and none of them appear to be hurt. 

I give them no time to recover, and I summon a small blizzard, coupled with a lightning storm above their location, while two big hands made out of rock are coming out of the ground and trying to crush the stillwaters and their barrier beneath their palms.

In the meantime, I try to snipe the necromancer from afar with a lightning attack, but the stillwater in charge of supporting manages to defend him in time with a well-placed magical barrier in front of him.

One of the skeletons disappears from inside their barrier, and he teleports right in front of me, as he quickly places his bony palms on my chest and he casts a powerful wind spell at me from point blank range. His spell sends me flying into a wall behind me, but I use my own wind magic to lift myself into the air, right before their earth elementalist tries to crush me between two walls of stone. 


[18] My lightning strike goes straight through the barrier and it hits the supporting stillwater in the skull, killing him instantly. As the magical barrier starts to disappear, the other four skeletons that were hiding underneath it are now standing around, looking very confused. I take advantage of this and use a great deal of magical energy to create a large pool of acid underneath the stillwaters. 

The skeletons were caught unawares and they had no time to react. As they all sink slowly into the pool of acid, the air elementalist uses a wind spell to lift the upper half of his body that hasn't yet melted into the air, but I quickly raise two chunks of rock from the ground, and I use them to smash the skeleton's head between them. Eventually, all of the skeletons sink fully into the acid, and I decide to start heading towards the ground, before my device's energy depletes completely. Once I get down, the pool of acid disappears, but the skeletons had already melted completely before this happened, which means that the necromancer is now the only enemy left standing.


[19] Once I make sure that everyone is on board with my plan, I cast a few protection spells on myself, and then I step out of the barrier, to face the stillwaters.

If I'm not going to use my bigger spells, then my best bet is to target the necromancer first, because the stillwaters will then be forced to defend him, and possibly break their ranks.

Just as I get out of the barrier, I try to snipe the necromancer with a lightning attack, but the skeleton in charge of supporting reacts quickly and it manages to defend its master in time with a well-placed magical barrier in front of him. The earth elementalist then tries to crush me between two walls of stone, but I use wind magic to lift myself into the air and out of their reach.

Using air magic to fly is nowhere near as easy as it sounds, and I'm feeling a lot clumsier than when I was using the flight spell in my fight with the dragon, but at least I can move around easier now.
   
I position myself above the five skeletons and I start pouring down fire upon them, while I attempt to crush the magical barrier around them beneath several layers of rock. While the supporting stillwater is busy maintaining their barrier, the fire and the water elementalist combine their two elements together to create a cloud of steam that covers the entire area around us.


[20] My lightning strike goes straight through the barrier and it hits the supporting stillwater in the skull, killing him instantly. As the magical barrier starts to disappear, the other four skeletons that were hiding underneath it are now standing around, looking very confused. I take advantage of this and use a great deal of magical energy to create a large pool of acid underneath the stillwaters. 

The skeletons were caught unawares and they had no time to react. As they all sink slowly into the pool of acid, the air elementalist uses a wind spell to lift the upper half of his body that hasn't yet melted into the air, but I quickly raise two chunks of rock from the ground, and I use them to smash the skeleton's head between them. Eventually, all of the skeletons sink fully into the acid, and I decide to start heading towards the ground, before my device's energy depletes completely. Once I get down, the pool of acid disappears, but the skeletons had already melted completely before this happened, which means that the necromancer is now the only enemy left standing.


[21] Taking advice from Arraka is not something I am particularly keen on doing right now, but as I take a look towards the skeleton's magical barrier, I can at least tell that she is not lying. The magical energy is spread thin throughout the barrier, which helps a great deal against spells with a wide area of effect, but it should leave it vulnerable against more focused attacks. I start charging up a lightning attack while I fly around in circles to avoid the other skeletons' magical projectiles.  When my attack is powerful enough, I stop for a second in order to get a clear shot, and then I aim directly at the supporting mage, making sure that all of the power behind my strike is concentrated on a single point.

My lightning strike goes straight through the barrier and it hits the supporting stillwater in the skull, killing him instantly. As the magical barrier starts to disappear, the other four skeletons that were hiding underneath it are now standing around, looking very confused. I take advantage of this and use a great deal of magical energy to create a large pool of acid underneath the stillwaters. 


[22] "I'll see what I can do," Kate says.

"Try to aim for the skeleton maintaining their magical barrier as much as possible," I say. "He's the one that's going to be busy undoing my reinforcement spells."

"And what am I supposed to do all this time?" Hadrik asks.

"Well, you can, uh..." I start to say, but I pause to think for a second. "You can be our last line of defense and make sure to punch back all of their spells in case our barrier fails before the time limit."

"Great!" Hadrik says. "It's times like these that make me regret the fact that I didn't bring a pack of playing cards with me when I joined the tournament."

Once everyone agrees to follow my plan, I go back to reinforcing Daren's barrier, while Kate, Flower and Illuna start to cast their spells at the stillwaters. Holding the barrier against so many simultaneous attacks is proving to be a little more difficult than I had originally thought. Daren is already at his limit, and keeping the barrier up by myself is quickly starting to drain me of energy. The girls don't seem to be doing very well either, because they've yet to break through the skeletons' barrier, while the supporting stillwater is doing all he can to counter my reinforcement spells.

This isn't working out. I need to revise my plan, or we're not going to last until the five minute mark.


[23] Taking advice from Arraka is not something I am particularly keen on doing right now, but as I take a look towards the skeleton's magical barrier, I can at least tell that she is not lying. The magical energy is spread thin throughout the barrier, which helps a great deal against spells with a wide area of effect, but it should leave it vulnerable against more focused attacks. I start charging up a lightning attack in my hands, and when it becomes powerful enough, I aim it directly at the supporting mage, making sure that all of the power behind my strike is concentrated on a single point.

My lightning strike goes straight through the skeletons' barrier and it hits the supporting stillwater in the skull, killing him instantly. As the magical barrier starts to disappear, the other four skeletons that were hiding underneath it are now standing around, looking very confused. I take advantage of this and use a great deal of magical energy to create a large pool of acid underneath the stillwaters. 

The skeletons were caught unawares and they had no time to react. As they all sink slowly into the pool of acid, the air elementalist uses a wind spell to lift the upper half of his body that hasn't yet melted into the air, but I quickly raise two chunks of rock from the ground, and I use them to smash the skeleton's head between them. Eventually, all of the skeletons sink fully into the acid, and as my device's energy depletes completely, the pool of acid disappears. The skeletons had, however, already completely melted before this happened, which means that the necromancer is now the only enemy left standing.


[24] "Consider it done!" Hadrik says, with a grin.

I turn to Flower.

"Flower, you can fly, right?" I ask her.

"Yeah, sort of," Flower says. "I don't know any flight spells, but I can make jets of fire come out of my feet, which propel me into the air and can keep me airborne for long periods of time."

"Perfect," I say. "You'll be coming with me, then. I don't have any flight spells either, but I think I can use air magic to fly around decently enough. You, Illuna and I are going to attack the skeletons from above, in an attempt to overwhelm their defenses."

"Aye, aye, sir!" Flower says, as she performs a military salute with her right hand.

"And lastly," I say, as I turn towards Kate. "Kate, since you specialize in long range attacks, I want you to stay inside this barrier and to observe the fight from afar. The skeletons will likely be ignoring you, so you will be able to analyze the situation calmly and to look for their weaknesses. They are bound to make some mistakes with the amount of pressure we'll be putting on them."

"Okay," Kate says. "I'll be sure to punish them severely for any mistakes they make during the fight."

"Alright, that's everyone," I say. "We'll dash out of the barrier together as soon as I finish casting all of the protection spells. Get ready!"


[25] I catch up with Flower, and we both position ourselves some thirty feet above the stillwaters' barrier, putting a bit of distance between ourselves in order to make it harder for the skeletons to target us both. We then start attacking the barrier with fire, water and earth spells from all sides, in an attempt to overwhelm the stillwaters' defenses.

"No, no, no, you're doing it all wrong!" Arraka shouts at us from inside her amulet. "Stop attacking the whole barrier and focus on just one point! Can't you see how slowly their supporting mage is reinforcing individual parts of the barrier? It's because he never learned how to properly localize his energy output! I kept telling him about it six hundred years ago, but the idiot wouldn't believe me until I demonstrated it to him by using a goddamned tree branch to break through his barrier and puncture his lungs."

Taking advice from Arraka is not something I am particularly keen on doing right now, but as I take a look towards the skeleton's magical barrier, I can at least tell that she is not lying. The magical energy is spread thin throughout the barrier, which helps a great deal against spells with a wide area of effect, but it should leave it vulnerable against more focused attacks. I start charging up a lightning attack while I'm still in the air, and when it becomes powerful enough, I aim it directly at the supporting mage, making sure that all of the power behind my strike is concentrated on a single point.


[26] "That's some tough talk coming from someone who couldn't even identify an obvious weakness in their enemy's defenses," Arraka says. "You all would have been toast if it weren't for me. I'm the one who saved all of you losers. Where's my reward for that, huh?"

"Oh, I've got your reward right here!" Hadrik says, as he grabs Arraka's amulet from Flower's neck, and he starts spinning it by the chain.

"Wait," Flower says. "Don't do that! Didn't I tell you that she has motion sickness?"

"Really?" Hadrik says, with a grin, as he continues to spin Arraka. "Huh. I guess it must have slipped my mind."


[27] It's no use... I'm sure that Daren must have realized it as well. Rose is no longer breathing. She stopped breathing even before she hit the ground. She's dead. After all we've been through to bring her back home safely. After everything that's happened this past week. She died, just like that. And not even Daren can bring her back.

"No..." Kate says. "This isn't right. This has to be an illusion! The necromancer could never harm her like this. The tournament's spell would have prevented him! This has to be a--"

"The necromancer is dead," Illuna interrupts her. "The tournament's spell that was preventing him from hurting Rose disappeared along with his aura. This trap was specifically designed to activate after his death, in order to circumvent the protection spell's effects. He used a loophole. This isn't an illusion. Rose died, and the necromancer is the one who killed her."

"No, this can't be!" Kate says, as tears start flowing from her eyes. "She can't just die like this. This isn't fair. She didn't deserve this!"

Kate stops for a few seconds, in order to rub her eyes with her hands, as she tries to hold back her tears.

"She didn't deserve this..." Kate says again, this time in a much lower voice.

"This is my fault..." Daren says, as he finally lets go of Rose. "I was the one who offered to escort her home. I was the one who promised we'd protect her. I failed her. It's my fault that she's dead..."


[28] "Rose, stay with me!" Daren shouts, as he keeps desperately casting his spells.

It's no use... I'm sure that Daren must have realized it as well. Rose is no longer breathing. She stopped breathing even before she hit the ground. She's dead. After all we've been through to bring her back home safely. After everything that's happened this past week. She died, just like that. And not even Daren can bring her back.

"No..." Kate says. "This isn't right. This has to be an illusion! The necromancer could never harm her like this. The tournament's spell would have prevented him! This has to be a--"

"The necromancer is dead," Illuna interrupts her. "The tournament's spell that was preventing him from hurting Rose disappeared along with his aura. This trap was specifically designed to activate after his death, in order to circumvent the protection spell's effects. He used a loophole. This isn't an illusion. Rose died, and the necromancer is the one who killed her."

"No, this can't be!" Kate says, as tears start flowing from her eyes. "She can't just die like this. This isn't fair. She didn't deserve this!"

Kate stops for a few seconds, in order to rub her eyes with her hands, as she tries to hold back her tears.

"She didn't deserve this..." Kate says again, this time in a much lower voice.


[29] "No," I say. "I didn't know that there would be a skeleton, I just noticed that something was trying to make its way out of the ground near Rose, and I didn't want to wait and see what it was."

"Still, I don't understand why the necromancer would do this," Kate says. "Wouldn't the tournament's spell have prevented that skeleton from hurting Rose?"

"No," Illuna says. "When the necromancer died, the tournament's spell linked to him disappeared along with his aura. This trap was specifically designed to activate after his death, in order to circumvent the protection spell's effects. He was trying to use a loophole. This is likely the result of the sacrificial spell he used before he died."

"Oh, gods," Rose says. "I never knew that magic could be used like that. I can't believe that he'd go to such lengths just to kill me..."

"Well, to be fair, he did witness you reverse time itself a few minutes ago," Hadrik says. "Just how in the blazes did you pull off that stunt, anyway?"

"I don't know..." Rose says. "Eiden told me that I was a time weaver before, but I thought he was mistaken. I really have no idea how I did what I did. I was just so desperate to undo everything that had happened that I must have triggered my powers by accident. I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to do anything like that again."


[30] "Well, I could swear I had it around here, somewhere!" the gnome says, as he comes back from under the screen. "No matter, I'll just improvise, then!"

The gnome clears his throat before he continues.

"Ladies and gentlemen!" the gnome says. "Or should I just be saying gentlemen in this case? Since there aren't any women mages? Gentlemen and gentlemen! Welcome, to the Magium tournament! I am Golmyck, the king of Thilias, and I have a public announcement to make. First of all, I would like to begin with an apology to all of the mages that have joined this tournament. When you first arrived on the continent, you were all told that you'd be receiving your objectives privately, but unfortunately, the device that was supposed to be relaying these messages to you broke shortly after your arrival. I have been trying to fix it ever since, but given that a whole week has already passed, I decided to use this old transmitter as a temporary solution, until I manage to get the original device to work properly. Normally, this transmission should be reaching all of the cities of Varathia and even some areas in the wilderness, but since I can't guarantee that every single mage on the continent will be seeing this, I would like to ask you all to pass this information to your fellow participants who missed the announcement!"


[31] "You are in no position to stop me, healer," the revenant says. "I am not like your friend, who did not know how to control her powers. I only have to freeze time for a few hours, and from your point of view, it will be as if I'd teleported out of the city. Now, if you'll excuse me, my master is waiting for me."

She then starts walking slowly away from us again, without even bothering to look back, as if she doesn't even consider us to be a threat. Daren's hands are trembling as he looks towards the revenant, and he appears frozen in place. Even if he knows that it isn't Rose, it must still be hard for him to bring himself to attack her.

"Oh, one more thing before I go," the revenant says, as she stops and turns her head towards us. This time, the empty look in her eyes is replaced with one of regret. "Take care of the kids for me, will you? I don't think that I'll be coming back to that house anytime soon..."

"Stop!" Daren shouts. 

He then rushes towards the revenant and tries to slash her with his sword, but she disappears without a trace before he could land a hit, and the only thing that his blade gets to cut is empty air.

As we all stand there in silence, a loud booming noise suddenly starts to echo all throughout the city.

