
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] "How did you know we'd be here?" Kate asks them.

"It's all thanks to your friend over there," the green robed mage says, as he points towards Rose. "Some beggar overheard her telling a nurse in the hospital that she'd be bringing a skilled healer to tend to the sick. He sold us the tip for a reasonable sum, and we arranged the emptying of the streets together with the local guards, in case the healer in question was indeed the one we were looking for. Now then, Zack, you should just stand aside while I deal with these weaklings. I alone should be more than enough to finish them off."

"No, you're not," Daren says. "We already know that your god specializes in illusions. Illusions are useless against enemies who already expect them."

"Are you sure about that, healer?" the green robed mage says, and all of a sudden, hundreds of clones of both him and his ally fill the entire marketplace area around us.

"You haven't moved from your original position, genius," Daren says, as he dashes towards him. "I know which one is the real you."

As Daren reaches the two original mages, he slashes his sword and cuts through them both in one strike. Instead of dying, however, the two mages simply fade away into the air.

"What is the meaning of this?" Kate asks. "If those two were in fact illusions, then does that mean that the real mages were hiding invisibly when they cast the illusion spell?"


[3] 

"Kate," I say, "could you freeze the whole area around us in order to take care of all the clones at the same time?"

"Yes," Kate says, "I was about to do just that."

She then sends a powerful wave of freezing magic all around us, which hits all of the clones at once. Immediately after the illusions disappear, Kate's freezing wave reverses its direction, and it hits us all before we get the time to react.

As the others each shake off the ice spell in their own way, I can feel myself slowly freezing to death, while my heartbeat gets slower and slower by the second.

"Kate, unfreeze him, quick!" Daren says.

"I can't!" Kate says. "I don't know how!"

Daren rushes towards me and he tries to cast a healing spell of some sort on me, but it's too late for that. I can already feel my consciousness slipping away, as my vision starts to blur, little by little. I died shortly afterwards, without even finding out what it was that sent Kate's spell back against us.


[4] 

"Kate," I say, "could you freeze the whole area around us in order to take care of all the clones at the same time?"

As soon as I stop talking, I see a vision in which Kate blasts all of the clones with a wave of ice. Once they all disappear, Kate's freezing wave quickly reverses its direction, and it hits us all before we get the time to react.

"Yes," Kate answers me, "I was about to do just that."

"Wait!" I shout. "Don't do it!"

Kate is looking a little confused, but she stops her spell just in time.

"Why not?" she asks me.

"I just had a premonition," I say. "If you had cast that spell, it would have turned against us and frozen us all, right after the clones disappeared."

"So the clones are a trap, then?" Hadrik asks.


[5] "I'll try to freeze the whole area around us, so I can take care of all the clones at the same time," Kate says.

"No, wait," I say. "I think we should concentrate on finding the originals first."

"You think that destroying the clones might trigger a trap?" Kate says.

"I don't know," I say. "But the fact that the clones are not moving at all makes me think that they are at the very least waiting for something. As long as they're not actually doing anything, I think we should take advantage of the situation, and try to figure out their trick before we engage them openly."

"Wait a minute!" Arraka says. "I think I got it!"

"Did you find out which ones are the originals?" Kate asks.


[6] "Why are you saying this?" Kate says.

"Because I already checked," Arraka says. "Twice. None of them are the originals."

"Are you saying that the real mages were never actually here, and they just cast the illusion spell from afar?" Daren asks.

"No," Arraka says. "I've been monitoring the whole area around us ever since I noticed that the streets were empty, and I guarantee you that the only mages who were close enough to cast an illusion spell on us were the two that ambushed us."

"But that makes no sense," I say. "If those two were the real mages, then what happened to them? Did they just turn into illusions as well when they cast the spell?"

Suddenly, an idea comes to me.

"Wait..." I say. "I think I may be onto something, but I'll need some confirmation before I'm sure. Illuna, check my thinking. Could this all be an illusion? Not just the clones before us, but the whole world around us, too? You know, like that time with the shaman."

"No, that's impossible," Illuna says. "If a mind affecting spell of that caliber had been cast on us, then there should have been a visual effect of some sort, for all of us to see, in the same way that the underground caverns were filled with smoke when the shaman cast his spell. There was no such--"

Illuna pauses for a second, as realization dawns upon her.


[7] We all close our eyes and start doing as Illuna said. As I get a clear image of the city's streets in my mind, the image starts to become clearer and clearer, until I feel myself getting pulled into it, and suddenly I realize that my imagination had become reality without me even noticing it. As I open my eyes, I see myself standing in the middle of the street, but everything looks a lot different from how I remembered it. 

There are craters all around us, the walls from the houses on the side of the street have all been charred, and there's a huge skeletal dragon standing right in front of us. Rose is on her knees, crying, and Flower looks like she's barely able to stand on her feet, but she's staring at the dragon defiantly. She is bruised all over, and her clothes are a complete mess, but there is a very intimidating aura surrounding her, feeling as if it were made from a fire hotter than that of her elemental magic. When Flower senses that we've finally awoken from the illusion spell, she turns to us and she gives us a tired smile.

"You broke the spell!" the girl says. "I knew you could do it. I knew it..."

As she utters the last words, Flower's eyes slowly close, and then she drops to the ground, unconscious. Daren is now hurrying over to her side, in order to shield her from the dragon, in case it decides to strike her while she's down.

"She was so reckless..." Rose says, as she's holding back her tears. "She never stopped fighting even after she had clearly exceeded her limits. She was desperately trying to protect you, even at the cost of her own life..."


[8] "How do you know that we're irredeemable?"

"The fact that you've reached maturity and have not yet decided to dedicate your lives to the God of Death is proof enough, heathen!" Zack says. "But, enough idle chatter. I am going to teach you all first-hand why your whole lives until this point were a mistake."

"Illuna, can you move?" Daren asks.

"No," Illuna says. "The girl pushed her body way beyond its limits while we were in the illusion. I can feel an ache coming from every single bone and muscle, and I can't even manage to move one finger.  Her body is bruised all over, her clothes are a mess, and Arraka's amulet is..."

She pauses for a moment, and all of a sudden, we hear a crack coming from the amulet around her neck.

"Oh..." Illuna says. "Oh, no..."

"Aha- AHAHAHA--" 

The amulet cracks again, this time a lot more violently than before, and Arraka's laughter intensifies even further.

"AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"


[9] "Wasn't your friend a heathen too, though? Why would there have been any need for honor when killing him, then?"

"Because unlike you, he was actually serving the God of Death's cause!" Zack says. "You, on the other hand, are so beyond salvation that you can only serve him through your deaths! It is therefore my duty to send you to him before you stray even further from the righteous path."

"Illuna, can you move?" Daren asks.

"No," Illuna says. "The girl pushed her body way beyond its limits while we were in the illusion. I can feel an ache coming from every single bone and muscle, and I can't even manage to move one finger.  Her body is bruised all over, her clothes are a mess, and Arraka's amulet is..."

She pauses for a moment, and all of a sudden, we hear a crack coming from the amulet around her neck.

"Oh..." Illuna says. "Oh, no..."

"Aha- AHAHAHA--" 

The amulet cracks again, this time a lot more violently than before, and Arraka's laughter intensifies even further.

"AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"


[10] "So how do you become a follower of Ulruk, anyway? Do they hold interviews for that?"
 
"Do not mock the almighty god Ulruk, heathen!" Zack says. "The God of Death welcomes all who would dedicate their lives to serve him, without exception. Even if they are of no use to him alive, they can still serve him through their deaths. And that is exactly what you all will be doing, very soon."

"Illuna, can you move?" Daren asks.

"No," Illuna says. "The girl pushed her body way beyond its limits while we were in the illusion. I can feel an ache coming from every single bone and muscle, and I can't even manage to move one finger.  Her body is bruised all over, her clothes are a mess, and Arraka's amulet is..."

She pauses for a moment, and all of a sudden, we hear a crack coming from the amulet around her neck.

"Oh..." Illuna says. "Oh, no..."

"Aha- AHAHAHA--" 

The amulet cracks again, this time a lot more violently than before, and Arraka's laughter intensifies even further.

"AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"


[11] "Well, I guess you could say that," Arraka says, "if you want to be all technical about it, but the fact of the matter is--"

"Monster!" Zack shouts, all of a sudden, while pointing towards Arraka. "Abomination! Begone, foul demon!"

Suddenly, the skeletal dragon, which had not moved an inch since we escaped the illusion, flaps its wings and rushes towards Arraka, roaring loudly. Just as it reaches her, the dragon explodes into a thousand tiny pieces that get scattered throughout the whole area around us.  

"Really, now..." Arraka says.

As the dragon's bones fly in all directions, the ground begins to shake, and several skeletons start to slowly rise from it. It doesn't take me long to realize that this is the necromancer's doing, and that all of the skeletons standing in front of us are stillwaters.

"Do you understand now, banshee?" Zack says. "Do you understand who you are facing against? This is the true power of the God of Death! If you get on your knees now and beg for Ulruk's forgiveness, he might just see fit to grant you a quick and painless death."

Arraka ignores the mage completely, choosing instead to stare intently at one of the skeletons that have risen from the ground.


[12] "You can stop your little act now, banshee," Zack says. "I can see right through you. Even if you are acting calm and collected, the reality is that you can barely even withstand the barrage of attacks that are being flung against you, and that you have no means of fighting back. Since my skeletons are now fully protected against sonic attacks, you could say that they have become near indestructible! There's nothing you can do to hurt them."

Arraka stops singing, and she smiles wickedly at the necromancer.

"Oh, they are protected from sonic attacks, you say?" she says, with a mocking tone, as the skeletons continue to attack her with everything they've got. "How impressive! Truly, you are a mage among mages. But tell me, necromancer, did you consider shielding your puppets from pebbles as well?"

"What kind of a question is that, you little--" Zack starts to say, but Arraka doesn't give him a chance to finish his question.

While the necromancer was talking, Arraka made a few pebbles from the ground float into her hand, and then she started flinging them with her fingers towards each of the skeletons. When the pebbles reached them, the skeletons exploded, but this time into pieces so small that they could very well be confused with specks of dust. 

When the necromancer saw what happened, his jaw dropped, and he couldn't bring himself to utter another word. He was in too great of a shock.




[13] "So, mass murder it is, then," Arraka says, with a grin, as Daren rushes towards her.

Before he even takes three steps, Daren suddenly starts to wither like a plant, at an incredibly rapid pace. Within seconds, the only thing that's left of him is his armor, as the rest of his body had been completely turned into dust.

"No..." Kate says, as she places her hand on her mouth. "No!!!"

She conjures a hundred icicles that she aims towards Arraka, but before she gets to attack her with them, she withers just like Daren, and within seconds, nothing is left of her except a pile of dust.

"No!!!" Rose shouts, as she starts to cry. "Please, stop! Please!!!"

"What's the matter, Hadrik?" Arraka says, as she grins wickedly. "Aren't you going to show me that giant's fighting spirit of yours that you like to brag about so much? I'm right here! What are you waiting for?"

"I'll show you fighting spirit, you arrogant old hag," Hadrik says, as a trickle of sweat runs down the side of his forehead, and he rushes towards Arraka, with his fists at the ready.


[14] "I'm not going to give you that satisfaction."

"Hmph," Arraka says. "I was actually going to kill you slowly in order to torment your friend over there, but it's just not the same thing if you don't plan to fight back."

She then waves her hand towards Rose, and she kills her in the same way that she killed all the others.

"Well, it was a fun little trip while it lasted, Barry," Arraka says. "The trip might end for you today, but don't worry, you will always live in my memory!"

She waves her hand towards me, and I can feel every part of my body drying up quickly, as my vision starts to blur. Arraka's words are the last thing I hear before I completely lose my consciousness.

"So long, Barry," Arraka says. "It's been a blast!"


[15] I take out my dagger, and I look Arraka straight in the eye.

"Alright, then!" Arraka says, grinning. "This is it, Barry. An epic duel of the ages in the making. Hero versus villain. Banshee versus lessathi. The bards will be singing songs of us for thousands of years to come. Let's do this, come on!"

I'm not going to fix anything if I just stand here moping about. She doesn't expect me to be a threat. She's overconfident. Maybe I can use that against her somehow. Maybe if I kill her, everything will come back to normal. Maybe if she dies, her spells will be undone, and everyone will come back to life. I won't know until I try.

I rush towards the banshee, but I suddenly feel a sharp pain in my stomach, as a rock flies into me and knocks me off my feet.

"Oh, I'm sorry, was that too rough?" Arraka says, as I struggle to catch back my breath. "I'm not exactly sure how much damage you can take, since I've never really fought against a weakling like you before!"

"Please, leave him alone!" Rose screams, while tears keep flowing from her eyes.

"I wouldn't want to kill you right off the bat," Arraka says. "We should enjoy ourselves to the fullest, you know what I'm saying?"

She then flings another rock right below my chest, and I can feel my breath leaving me again.

"Stop!" Rose shouts. "You're hurting him!"


[16] Wow, this is actually pretty entertaining. I never knew that dying could be this fun. Hey, look, that's Flower fighting the skeletal dragon. How the hell am I seeing this? Wasn't I supposed to be in the illusion while all this happened? Now the craters are all disappearing one by one. Aaand, we're back at the moment where the two mages ambushed us.

The string of events unraveling before my eyes now comes to a halt, and for a few seconds, I find myself in a frozen state yet again, at the exact moment after we'd been ambushed by the two mages. Then, all of a sudden, time starts moving again, and everyone is looking around themselves, with very confused expressions on their faces. 

Wait a minute... Could this be possible? Was it not just my imagination? Are you actually telling me that I just witnessed time reversing itself and that everyone still remembers what happened? 

I don't get a lot of time to think about what happened, because my suspicions suddenly get confirmed by an enraged Arraka.

"A time weaver?!" Arraka shouts from her amulet. "Are you kidding me right now?! And it was Rose, of all people? You bastards knew this, didn't you? You all set me up! You knew that this would happen! You let me escape on purpose so you could laugh at me, didn't you? Well, you know what?! I'm done being nice! Next time I get out, I'm going to rip every single bone from your bodies and I'll make your families watch. You're going to beg me to give you the easy deaths I gave you today. Do you hear me? I am going to make your lives hell! Stop grinning at me you stupid lowlife dwarf!"


[17] "So be it, then!" Zack says, and he starts summoning his stillwater skeletons again.

"Oh no, you don't!" Hadrik says, and he rushes towards the necromancer in order to kill him before he completes the spell, but one of the skeletons, who had only gotten the upper half of its body out of the ground, casts a powerful wind spell which sends the dwarf flying back towards us.

"Rose, get to safety!" Daren says. "The necromancer and his skeletons may not be able to harm you due to the tournament's spell, but the same can't be said for us. If you stay too close to us you'll risk getting caught in the crossfire."

"Okay," Rose says, as she heads towards the opposite end of the market square.

Once the skeletons have fully surfaced, two of them start attacking us simultaneously with a flurry of fire and water spells, while another one creates a magical barrier around him and all the other stillwaters. Daren uses his shield to create a magical barrier of his own around us all, but it looks like he won't be able to hold it for much longer if the stillwaters keep attacking at this rate.


[18] As I examine the skeletons carefully, I notice something peculiar about them. Even though their auras feel similar to that of Eiden, their magical energy feels as if it were leaking out of their bodies at a very fast rate. If I were to venture a guess as to why that is happening, I would say it's most likely because their new bodies cannot keep up with the tremendous amount of energy they have at their disposal. I am honestly surprised that my stat device isn't reacting to any of this. I would have expected it to be beeping like crazy by now. 

I take out my stat booster to take a look at it, and I find out to my surprise that even though I don't have any new points to spend, there is a flashing message in the corner of the screen saying: 'Emergency mode available. Tap here to activate."

Emergency mode? Is this something that can only be activated when the device gets access to a great amount of energy? If so, then is this what Eiden did to power up my device after he pumped it with energy before my fight with the dragon? 

Unfortunately, I don't have much time to think this through. I'm going to have to rely on my guts, here. And my guts say that I should take this chance, while I still have it.


[19] I am not really used to working in a team when it comes to using magical attacks. It's better if I do this alone. 

There are five stillwaters in total, of which four seem to be elementalists that each have mastery over a different magical element, and the fifth appears to be specialized in supporting the others, by either weakening the enemy's defenses, or casting protections on his allies. Given their perfect lineup, I'm going to assume that they were part of a squad during the still winter, and that they died together, during one of their missions.

However, the five of them combined are nowhere near Eiden's level. They may have a lot of magical power and energy, but besides that, they are not any different from regular mages. The elementalists don't have control over more than one element, the supporting mage isn't casting any other spells than the ones he is specialized in, and none of them seem to be able to ignore the laws of magic in the same way that Eiden does.


[20] It would be too risky to fight them all by myself. Coordinating my attacks with everyone else should definitely increase our chances of victory.

There are five stillwaters in total, of which four seem to be elementalists that each have mastery over a different magical element, and the fifth appears to be specialized in supporting the others, by either weakening the enemy's defenses, or casting protections on his allies. Given their perfect lineup, I'm going to assume that they were part of a squad during the still winter, and that they died together, during one of their missions.

However, the five of them combined are nowhere near Eiden's level. They may have a lot of magical power and energy, but besides that, they are not any different from regular mages. The elementalists don't have control over more than one element, the supporting mage isn't casting any other spells than the ones he is specialized in, and none of them seem to be able to ignore the laws of magic in the same way that Eiden does.


[21] "Guys, I have a plan," I say. "But I'll need to do this alone. Can you all stay inside Daren's barrier while I deal with the skeletons? I'll make sure to reinforce it with everything I've got."

"What the hell?" Daren says. "What's with the crazy magical energy radiating from you all of a sudden? Don't tell me that Eiden froze time again to give you magic powers!"

"No," I say, as I start to reinforce the magical barrier. "It wasn't Eiden. I just used my device to harness the energy that's being leaked from the stillwaters."

"You can do that now?" Daren asks me.

"Apparently," I say.

"Well, I hope you know what you're doing," Daren says.

"Don't worry," I say, as I finish reinforcing the barrier. "This will be over before you know it!"

Once I make sure that everyone is on board with my plan, I cast a few protection spells on myself, and then I step out of the barrier, to face the stillwaters.


[22] Using air magic to fly is nowhere near as easy as it sounds, and I'm feeling a lot clumsier than when I was using the flight spell in my fight with the dragon, but at least I can move around easier now. The air elementalist sees that I'm not dead, and he quickly teleports himself back inside the safety of his ally's barrier, before I get the chance to pay him back in kind.

"No, no, no, you're doing it all wrong!" Arraka shouts at me from inside her amulet. "Stop attacking the whole barrier and focus on just one point! Can't you see how slowly their supporting mage is reinforcing individual parts of the barrier? It's because he never learned how to properly localize his energy output! I kept telling him about it six hundred years ago, but the idiot wouldn't believe me until I demonstrated it to him by using a goddamned tree branch to break through his barrier and puncture his lungs."

Taking advice from Arraka is not something I am particularly keen on doing right now, but as I take a look towards the skeleton's magical barrier, I can at least tell that she is not lying. The magical energy is spread thin throughout the barrier, which helps a great deal against spells with a wide area of effect, but it should leave it vulnerable against more focused attacks. I start charging up a lightning attack while I fly around in circles to avoid the other skeletons' magical projectiles.  When my attack is powerful enough, I stop for a second in order to get a clear shot, and then I aim directly at the supporting mage, making sure that all of the power behind my strike is concentrated on a single point.


[23] "Guys, I have a plan," I say. "But I'll need to do this alone. Can you all stay inside Daren's barrier while I deal with the skeletons? I'll make sure to reinforce it with everything I've got."

"What the hell?" Daren says. "What's with the crazy magical energy radiating from you all of a sudden? Don't tell me that Eiden froze time again to give you magic powers!"

"No," I say, as I start to reinforce the magical barrier. "It wasn't Eiden. I just used my device to harness the energy that's being leaked from the stillwaters."

"You can do that now?" Daren asks me.

"Apparently," I say.

"Well, I hope you know what you're doing," Daren says.

"Don't worry," I say, as I finish reinforcing the barrier. "This will be over before you know it!"


[24] 

As the steam surrounds me, I suddenly notice some barely visible sparks starting to form next to me. This doesn't seem right. I need to get away from here, quick.

Just as I fly out of the steam, the sparks I left behind turn into a big explosion that sends a powerful wave of air my way, which makes me spin around in mid-air for a few seconds.

"No, no, no, you're doing it all wrong!" Arraka shouts at me from inside her amulet. "Stop attacking the whole barrier and focus on just one point! Can't you see how slowly their supporting mage is reinforcing individual parts of the barrier? It's because he never learned how to properly localize his energy output! I kept telling him about it six hundred years ago, but the idiot wouldn't believe me until I demonstrated it to him by using a goddamned tree branch to break through his barrier and puncture his lungs."

Taking advice from Arraka is not something I am particularly keen on doing right now, but as I take a look towards the skeleton's magical barrier, I can at least tell that she is not lying. The magical energy is spread thin throughout the barrier, which helps a great deal against spells with a wide area of effect, but it should leave it vulnerable against more focused attacks. I start charging up a lightning attack while I fly around in circles to avoid the other skeletons' magical projectiles.  When my attack is powerful enough, I stop for a second in order to get a clear shot, and then I aim directly at the supporting mage, making sure that all of the power behind my strike is concentrated on a single point.


[25] 



As the steam surrounds me, I suddenly start to hear the sound of sparks crackling somewhere very close to me. This doesn't seem right. I need to get away from here, quick.

Just as I fly out of the steam, the sparks I left behind turn into a big explosion that sends a powerful wave of air my way, which makes me spin around in mid-air for a few seconds.

"No, no, no, you're doing it all wrong!" Arraka shouts at me from inside her amulet. "Stop attacking the whole barrier and focus on just one point! Can't you see how slowly their supporting mage is reinforcing individual parts of the barrier? It's because he never learned how to properly localize his energy output! I kept telling him about it six hundred years ago, but the idiot wouldn't believe me until I demonstrated it to him by using a goddamned tree branch to break through his barrier and puncture his lungs."


[26] 



There's no need to panic. I can just use my magical sense to tell where they are. As I start to attack the stillwaters again, I suddenly hear a loud crackling noise right next to me and immediately afterwards, a very powerful explosion sends me crashing into the ground. The explosion was too close to me for my magical shield to fully protect me, and I think I must have broken at least two ribs from that fall. 

I never get the chance to get back into the fight, because right after I hit the ground, a thick layer of rock presses itself onto me and it crushes me into a thick red paste in a matter of seconds.


[27] "Guys," I say, "I think I may have a plan."

"What the hell?" Daren says. "What's with the crazy magical energy radiating from you all of a sudden? Don't tell me that Eiden froze time again to give you magic powers!"

"No," I say, as I start to reinforce the magical barrier. "It wasn't Eiden. I just used my device to harness the energy that's being leaked from the stillwaters."

"You can do that now?" Daren asks me.

"Apparently," I say.

"So what's this plan of yours, then?" Daren asks.

"Well," I say, "remember how Azarius told us last time that the necromancer's spell only lasts five minutes and that it can only be cast once a day? I was thinking that we could just wait them out, while we keep reinforcing the barrier and attacking them from a distance."

"In that case, I'm hoping that you have some really good reinforcement spells," Daren says, "because I've pretty much already exhausted all of mine."

"Don't worry," I say. "You just focus on keeping the barrier up. I'll take care of the reinforcements."

I turn towards Flower and Kate.

"Can you three put some pressure on the stillwaters while Daren and I keep the barrier up?" I say.

"Aye, aye, sir!" Flower says, as she performs a military salute with her right hand.


[28] "Hadrik," I say, "there's been a change of plans. How would you like to provide a little distraction for us?"

The dwarf's face lights up when he hears my suggestion.

"Now you're talking, Barry!" he says, with a wide grin. "What do you want me to do? Should I just go and attack the necromancer to give them a little scare?"

"Yeah, that's exactly what I had in mind," I say. "Hold on, let me cast a few protections on you, first."

Once I'm done with casting the protection spells on Hadrik, the dwarf dashes out of the barrier and he reaches the necromancer in a few seconds. The air elementalist reacts quickly, and he uses a wind spell to push Hadrik back several dozen feet. By the time Hadrik gets back, the supporting skeleton places a magical barrier around their master, which the dwarf is now trying to break with a flurry of fists.

"No, no, no, you're doing it all wrong!" Arraka shouts at us from inside her amulet. "Stop attacking the whole barrier and focus on just one point! Can't you see how slowly their supporting mage is reinforcing individual parts of the barrier? It's because he never learned how to properly localize his energy output! I kept telling him about it six hundred years ago, but the idiot wouldn't believe me until I demonstrated it to him by using a goddamned tree branch to break through his barrier and puncture his lungs."


[29] "Guys," I say, "I think I may have a plan."

"What the hell?" Daren says. "What's with the crazy magical energy radiating from you all of a sudden? Don't tell me that Eiden froze time again to give you magic powers!"

"No," I say, as I start to reinforce the magical barrier to give us some time to talk. "It wasn't Eiden. I just used my device to harness the energy that's being leaked from the stillwaters."

"You can do that now?" Daren asks me.

"Apparently," I say.

"So what's this plan of yours, then?" Daren asks.

"I think we should start going on the offensive," I say. "I have enough protection spells for everyone and I also have access to a lot of powerful spells, so we'd be better off putting some pressure on them than stalling for time. We should start by focusing on the necromancer, because the stillwaters will be forced to protect their master when we attack him, and that could make them break their formation."

I pause a bit to think before I continue.

"Daren, I'm going to cast most of my protections on you," I say. "Try to grab the stillwaters' attention as much as possible."

"Okay, I can do that," Daren says.

"Hadrik, I want you to put as much pressure as you can on their necromancer," I say. "Once we exit the barrier, you should run straight at him and hit him with everything you've got."


[30] Once I finish casting the protection spells, we step out of the barrier and start putting our plan into action. Hadrik dashes straight for the necromancer and reaches him in a matter of seconds, but the air elementalist reacts quickly, and he uses a wind spell to push Hadrik back several dozen feet. By the time Hadrik gets back, the supporting skeleton places a magical barrier around their master, which the dwarf is now trying to break with a flurry of fists.

Daren heads for the five stillwaters, and when he comes close to them, one of the skeletons shoots a powerful beam of fire towards him. Daren uses his sword to absorb all of the fire, and then he sends it back towards his attacker. The skeletons' barrier defends them from the blow, but Daren's actions seem to have caught the stillwaters' undivided attention. They are now all firing spells towards him, while he uses his shield to block and his sword to absorb their elements. 

This is what we were waiting for. I wave at Flower, and she nods her head, as she starts to run towards the stillwaters. While running, she jumps high into the air, and she then uses her fire jets to propel herself higher, as she goes to position herself above the skeletons' barrier. I follow her lead and use my air magic to lift myself into the air. Using air magic to fly is nowhere near as easy as it sounds, and I'm feeling a lot clumsier than when I was using the flight spell in my fight with the dragon, but it should be good enough for my intents and purposes.


[31] "No!" Zack shouts, as the barrier around him begins to disappear. "I won't let it end like this!"

Right after he finishes his sentence, the necromancer takes a knife out of his robes and he uses it to stab himself in the chest. He then gets enveloped in a bright red light, and soon afterwards, he starts turning into ashes. 

"The God of Death... shall have his prize..." Zack says, just before he draws his last breath.

As we all gather around to look at the pile of ashes that the necromancer has turned into, Hadrik starts to laugh.

"As far as final words go, I've heard better!" the dwarf says.

"That wasn't just some empty threat," Illuna says, while she looks around frantically, as if she were expecting something to blow up. "That thing he just cast was a sacrificial spell. A kind of spell that requires the death of its caster as payment, in exchange for providing effects that would not be obtainable through normal means. The curse of death that the ogre shaman cast on me before we left the fort was also one of these spells. This isn't over yet..."

"Relax," Hadrik says. "If his all-powerful stillwater skeletons couldn't kill us, what do you expect him to do after he's already dead?"


[32] "No!" Zack shouts. "I won't let it end like this!"

Right after he finishes his sentence, the necromancer takes a knife out of his robes and he uses it to stab himself in the chest. He then gets enveloped in a bright red light, and soon afterwards, he starts turning into ashes. 

"The God of Death... shall have his prize..." Zack says, just before he draws his last breath.

As we all gather around to look at the pile of ashes that the necromancer has turned into, Hadrik starts to laugh.

"As far as final words go, I've heard better!" the dwarf says.

"That wasn't just some empty threat," Illuna says, while she looks around frantically, as if she were expecting something to blow up. "That thing he just cast was a sacrificial spell. A kind of spell that requires the death of its caster as payment, in exchange for providing effects that would not be obtainable through normal means. The curse of death that the ogre shaman cast on me before we left the fort was also one of these spells. This isn't over yet..."

"Relax," Hadrik says. "If his all-powerful stillwater skeletons couldn't kill us, what do you expect him to do after he's already dead?"


[33] "Put her down, Hadrik. It's not worth the bother."

"On the contrary, Barry," Hadrik says. "I believe this is well worth the effort. In fact, I think I will be incorporating this routine into my daily schedule from now on! But I need to consult with Arraka first. I wouldn't want to impose. What do you say, Arraka, does ten in the morning sound like an okay hour for our daily spinning sessions?"

"Dwarf!" Arraka says, as Hadrik continues to spin her. "When I get out of here again, I'm going to stick my hand through your throat and turn you inside-out! And then I'm going to hang you from a tree by your own intestines so I can use you as a swing!"

"So, ten-o-clock is too early, then?" Hadrik asks, with a grin. "Would it be better if we scheduled it for eleven in the morning instead?" 


[34] "I suppose she does deserve this after all she's done."

"You're damn right she does," Hadrik says. "In fact, I think I will be incorporating this routine into my daily schedule from now on! But I need to consult with Arraka first. I wouldn't want to impose. What do you say, Arraka, does ten in the morning sound like an okay hour for our daily spinning sessions?"

"Dwarf!" Arraka says, as Hadrik continues to spin her. "When I get out of here again, I'm going to stick my hand through your throat and turn you inside-out! And then I'm going to hang you from a tree by your own intestines so I can use you as a swing!"

"So, ten-o-clock is too early, then?" Hadrik asks, with a grin. "Would it be better if we scheduled it for eleven in the morning instead?" 


[35] "Can I spin her next?"

"Sure you can, Barry," Hadrik says. "Everyone can take turns at spinning Arraka! In fact, I'm thinking of making this into a daily routine of sorts from now on. But I need to consult with Arraka first. I wouldn't want to impose. What do you say, Arraka, does ten in the morning sound like an okay hour for our daily spinning sessions?"

"Dwarf!" Arraka says, as Hadrik continues to spin her. "When I get out of here again, I'm going to stick my hand through your throat and turn you inside-out! And then I'm going to hang you from a tree by your own intestines so I can use you as a swing!"

"So, ten-o-clock is too early, then?" Hadrik asks, with a grin. "Would it be better if we scheduled it for eleven in the morning instead?" 


[36] 

While Hadrik and Arraka are talking, I hear the sound of stones smashing against the ground somewhere on the opposite side of the market square. As I turn around to identify the source of the sound, it takes me a few seconds to fully process the scene unfolding before my eyes.

There is a hole in the ground, with broken stones all around it at the place where I heard the noise, and Rose is just standing there in front of it, with her arms hanging besides her and a completely blank expression on her face, as a skeleton is hugging her tightly while slowly twisting a rusted knife into her heart. As the light leaves Rose's eyes completely, her attacker presses the knife harder into her chest, making her fall on her back, while the skeleton crumbles into pieces.

"Rose!" Daren shouts, as he rushes towards her.

When he reaches her, Daren starts casting a healing spell, but Rose does not react to it in any way. We all gather around the two of them, and watch them without saying a word, as Daren continues to cast healing spell after healing spell, while Rose is staring blankly into the distance, without moving a muscle.

"Rose, stay with me!" Daren shouts, as he keeps desperately casting his spells.


[37] 



While Hadrik and Arraka are talking, I hear the sound of stones starting to crumble somewhere on the opposite side of the market square. I turn around, in order to try and identify the source of the sound, but I don't see anyone in that direction except Rose.   

Suddenly, the stones on the ground in front of Rose get sent flying into the air, as a skeleton emerges from underneath them and quickly uses a rusted knife to stab her in the heart. Rose had no time to react. At first, there was only shock in her eyes, but soon, her facial expression turned blank, while her arms hung beside her, motionless. As the light leaves Rose's eyes completely, her attacker presses the knife harder into her chest, making her fall on her back, while the skeleton crumbles into pieces.

"Rose!" Daren shouts, as he rushes towards her.

When he reaches her, Daren starts casting a healing spell, but Rose does not react to it in any way. We all gather around the two of them, and watch them without saying a word, as Daren continues to cast healing spell after healing spell, while Rose is staring blankly into the distance, without moving a muscle.

"Rose, stay with me!" Daren shouts, as he keeps desperately casting his spells.


[38] 





While Hadrik and Arraka are talking, I hear the sound of stones starting to crumble somewhere on the opposite side of the market square. I turn around, in order to try and identify the source of the sound, and I realize that the stones on the ground in front of Rose are all slightly cracked. I get a really ominous feeling about this, and before I get the time to think things through, my body moves on its own, and I start running towards Rose as fast as I can.

Before I get to reach her, all of the stones in front of Rose suddenly get sent flying into the air, as a skeleton emerges from underneath them and quickly uses a rusted knife to stab her in the heart. Rose had no time to react. At first, there was only shock in her eyes, but soon, her facial expression turned blank, while her arms hung beside her, motionless. As the light leaves Rose's eyes completely, her attacker presses the knife harder into her chest, making her fall on her back, while the skeleton crumbles into pieces.

"Rose!" Daren shouts, as he rushes towards her.

When he reaches her, Daren starts casting a healing spell, but Rose does not react to it in any way. We all gather around the two of them, and watch them without saying a word, as Daren continues to cast healing spell after healing spell, while Rose is staring blankly into the distance, without moving a muscle.


[39] 





While Hadrik and Arraka are talking, I hear the sound of stones starting to crumble somewhere on the opposite side of the market square. I turn around, in order to try and identify the source of the sound, and I realize that the stones on the ground in front of Rose are all slightly cracked. I get a really ominous feeling about this, and before I get the time to think things through, my body moves on its own, and I start running towards Rose as fast as I can.

Just as I reach her, all of the stones in front of Rose suddenly get sent flying into the air, as a skeleton emerges from underneath them and tries to stab her in the heart with a rusted knife. I pull the skeleton away from her and slam him into the ground, as I take out my own dagger and prepare to deliver the finishing blow. To my surprise, there was no need for me to stab the skeleton, because it had already crumbled to pieces the moment it hit the ground. 

"Rose, are you alright?" Daren shouts as he and all the others are running towards us.

"I, uh... Yes!" Rose says. "Thanks to Barry!"

"Barry, how did you know what would happen?" Kate asks me. "Did the stat booster give you a premonition?"


[40] The sky above us then quickly gets filled with very large holographic screens, as people are slowly starting to open their windows in order to get a good look, even if they seem to be too scared to come anywhere near us. It appears that all of the screens are displaying the same thing, which is to say a gnome with messy hair, wearing protection goggles and an oil-stained lab coat, who is currently fiddling with some wires in some kind of a workshop, while he's humming a joyful tune. After a few more seconds of humming, the gnome suddenly looks towards us, takes off his goggles, and he glues his face to the screen.

"How peculiar," the gnome says, as he backs away from the screen. "How very peculiar! I could swear that I've already connected these wires a million times before, but I've never seen the red light turn green until now! Well, no matter! Can everyone hear me?"

There is a pause in which we can hear a low murmur coming from the people watching the screens from their windows.

"Wait, what am I saying?" the gnome says. "This is a one way transmitter. Even if you answer me, I won't be able to hear you. Okay, here's what I'll do. I'm gonna go ahead and read you this little speech I've got written here on my parchment, and if nobody can actually hear me, I'll just read it again some other time. Now, where did I put that blasted parchment?"

The gnome disappears under the screen for about ten seconds, during which the murmur in the market place intensifies.


[41] All of a sudden, Rose starts to move, and she slowly raises her torso from the ground, as she looks all around her, with an empty expression on her face. But her expression is not the only thing that feels empty about her. Her aura is completely different from before as well. It feels hollow, almost lifeless, and her skin is much whiter, almost as if there was no longer any blood running through her veins.

"Rose!" Kate shouts. "You're alive!"

"No," Daren says, with a very dark look in his eyes. "This isn't Rose."

"What do you mean?" Kate asks. "Of course it's Rose. She's right there!"

"Only her body is there," Illuna says. "Rose is dead. What you see before you is a revenant. An undead being that is born with the host's previous memories, but with a completely different personality. Now I understand why the necromancer went out of his way to cast a sacrificial spell before killing himself. It was so he could make Rose into a revenant."

"No, that can't be true!" Kate says, with desperation in her voice, as Rose gets up from the ground and starts to walk slowly away from us. "Rose, tell them that isn't true!"

"The one you refer to as Rose is no more," the revenant says, without turning her head towards us. "I am a servant of Ulruk, the God of Death, and my task is to bring this time weaver body to him safely."

"Like hell, you will, you undead scum," Daren says, as he pulls out his sword. "You're going to leave her body here, so we can give her a proper burial."


[42] This marks the end of the first Magium book.

The second and third book have been completed and are ready to unlock, but the remaining books will be released chapter by chapter, as I write them. (the main series will likely have 5 books in total)

If you already paid to unlock the 2nd book, you can tap on the button below to proceed. Otherwise, you will need to complete 25 achievements from the 1st book in order to unlock the second one.

You can see how many more achievements you need to complete in the achievements menu. 

I would also like to add that I strongly suggest you save the game now on a save slot you won't overwrite, if you're planning to start completing achievements, since otherwise you'll lose the progress of your current playthrough and you'll have to finish the game again in order to be able to progress to the next book.

You should also be careful to not uninstall the game, since all of the next books will be uploaded within the same app, and if you uninstall the game, all your local progress, including your achievements, will be lost.

Thank you for playing!

P.S. If you enjoyed the game, don't forget to recommend it to your friends. 


