
[1] 

[2] "Eiden!" Eleya shouts. "Eiden, don't you DARE!"

Eiden smiles and waves at the fox, as he pulls on the golden string, and both the light surrounding us and the fox's head quickly disappear, with a loud clinking noise.


[3] "Thanks for letting me know," Kate says.

"You wench!" Zack says, furious. "Do you have no honor?!"

"It's his own damn fault for not paying attention during a fight," Kate says. "And don't you talk to me about honor! You would have done the exact same thing to us if Flower hadn't protected us while we were defenseless."

"Don't you lecture me, wench!" Zack says. "There is no need for honor when killing irredeemable heathens such as yourselves!"


[4] "Why are you just standing there, you fools?!" Zack asks the other skeletons. "Attack her! Kill her!"

The skeletons all start flinging spells at Arraka, attacking her with all types of elemental magic simultaneously, while also using spells to weaken her defenses. Arraka acts as if she doesn't even notice the onslaught of spells that are being cast upon her, and she continues to sing without any interruptions.


[5] Regardless, this is the best chance I've got to turn the tables around, and I need to take full advantage of this opportunity. I'll first need to decide whether I want to engage the enemy alone, or if I should try to work with everyone as a team in order to take the skeletons out. Working as a team has its advantages, but it also means that I may be forced to limit the firepower behind some of my spells in order to avoid endangering my teammates. However, if I convince them to wait here, I can provide them with various protections that will both keep them safe and out of my way for the duration of the fight.


[6] The skeletons were caught unawares and they had no time to react. As they all sink slowly into the pool of acid, the air elementalist uses a wind spell to lift the upper half of his body that hasn't yet melted into the air, but I quickly raise two chunks of rock from the ground, and I use them to smash the skeleton's head between them. Eventually, all of the skeletons sink fully into the acid, and I decide to start heading towards the ground, before my device's energy depletes completely. Once I get down, the pool of acid disappears, but the skeletons had already melted completely before this happened, which means that the necromancer is now the only enemy left standing.


[7] My lightning strike goes straight through the barrier and it hits the supporting stillwater in the skull, killing him instantly. As the magical barrier starts to disappear, the other four skeletons that were hiding underneath it are now standing around, looking very confused. I take advantage of this and use a great deal of magical energy to create a large pool of acid underneath the stillwaters. 

The skeletons were caught unawares and they had no time to react. As they all sink slowly into the pool of acid, the air elementalist uses a wind spell to lift the upper half of his body that hasn't yet melted into the air, but I quickly raise two chunks of rock from the ground, and I use them to smash the skeleton's head between them. Eventually, all of the skeletons sink fully into the acid, and I decide to start heading towards the ground, before my device's energy depletes completely. Once I get down, the pool of acid disappears, but the skeletons had already melted completely before this happened, which means that the necromancer is now the only enemy left standing.


[8] "Hey, now, hold on there!" Hadrik says. "You can't just go and blame this all on yourself. Rose knew very well what she was getting into when she decided to stick with us after what happened yesterday with the noble. She made her own choice and she stuck by it until the end. She died with honor, and we should all respect her for that."

"What do you know about Rose?!" Daren shouts furiously, all of a sudden. "Do you think she wanted to live her last moments in a cesspool like this? Do you think she died happily, knowing that she left her little siblings behind to fend for themselves? Do you seriously think that everything in the world can be measured by your primitive values? What gives you the right to talk about Rose this way? Tell me!"


[9] "Well, once was more than enough," Daren says. "You didn't just save all of our lives by rewinding time, you may well have saved the entire world. But we can talk about this later. Right now, I need to heal everyone. We wouldn't want to be caught off guard by some other crazy duo of mages who are hunting for bounties."

Soon after Daren starts to heal us, a loud booming noise suddenly starts to echo all throughout the city. 


[10] "This is my fault..." Daren says, as he finally lets go of Rose. "I was the one who offered to escort her home. I was the one who promised we'd protect her. I failed her. It's my fault that she's dead..."

"Hey, now, hold on there!" Hadrik says. "You can't just go and blame this all on yourself. Rose knew very well what she was getting into when she decided to stick with us after what happened yesterday with the noble. She made her own choice and she stuck by it until the end. She died with honor, and we should all respect her for that."

"What do you know about Rose?!" Daren shouts furiously, all of a sudden. "Do you think she wanted to live her last moments in a cesspool like this? Do you think she died happily, knowing that she left her little siblings behind to fend for themselves? Do you seriously think that everything in the world can be measured by your primitive values? What gives you the right to talk about Rose this way? Tell me!"


[11] The gnome clears his throat again.

"And now that the introductions are out of the way," Golmyck says, "I believe it is finally time to give you all what you've been waiting for."

The gnome grins.

"Your first objectives!" he says.

-----End of book 1-----

