
[1] 

[2] His high intelligence is likely a result of his old age, which I've heard is not an easy feat to achieve if you live your life as a goblin. Most goblins die young, either because of starvation, or because they get killed, while trying to steal food, in order to survive. Since they are considered monsters by other civilized races, they are forced to live from scraps, and often need to resort to illegal activities such as smuggling and stealing in order to get the goods they require. But this goblin's skin is all wrinkly, which means that he must have lived well over two hundred years, given how slowly goblins are known to age, compared to humans. Living this long as a goblin, especially in a place like Varathia, is definitely not something that you can achieve through sheer luck.

"Is this the lessathi you were talking about, Illuna?" the goblin says, in the Common language, as he looks towards me.

"Yes," Illuna says.

"And the lessathi girl?" the goblin asks. "Is she from your group too?"

"The lessathi girl is apparently a teammate from his arena division," Illuna says. "I only just met her, myself."

"Hmm..." the goblin says. "If she's a gladiator, then I suppose I can safely assume that she has nothing to do with Meridith's group. I'll admit that I was a little worried, at first."

"Hold on!" I say. "You're telling me that you can both tell she's a lessathi from just one glance?"


[3] "To answer your question, Barry," Illuna says, "I do not trust him at all. And he does not trust me, either. However, we are both smart enough to know that neither of us would benefit from betraying each other. The information he provides me with regarding the other monster races' activities is invaluable, and in return, I've been helping him from time to time, by ridding him of some of his enemies, or by joining him in covert missions such as this one."

"And what exactly is this covert mission that you are talking about?" I say.

"There is a minotaur being held here, in these tunnels," the goblin says. "They call him the undefeated champion of the arena. You are supposed to be fighting him in the second round, provided you survive the first one. I want to make him an offer."

"What offer?" I ask.

"I will offer him his freedom, if he agrees to join my goblin camp, and to be part of my army," the goblin says.

"You have an army?" I ask him, confused. "I thought you were just some random goblin that was acting as Illuna's informant."

The goblin laughs again.

"There really isn't any limit to your bluntness and disrespect, is there?" the goblin says.

"The goblin you are talking to is Fyron, the general of all free goblins," Illuna says, in a bored tone. "He is at the top of the hierarchy of all the goblins from Varathia that are not under Tyrath's rule."


[4] The goblin stops talking suddenly, looking as if he'd just made a shocking realization. Seeing the look on his face, Arraka starts to laugh, from within her amulet.

"So you've finally figured it out, eh?" Arraka says.

"You knew?" Fyron asks her.

"I figured it out a while ago, after he started casting spells left and right, against a bunch of skeletons," Arraka says. "But I thought he was a regular lessathi too, at first. Eiden is probably the only one who knew it from the start."

"So that's why he's taken an interest in him..." Fyron says.

"What are you two talking about?" I say.


[5] "So, uh," I say, "it's not that I'm not enjoying our conversation and everything, but shouldn't we maybe get moving, before the trolls send more reinforcements our way?"

"Why would they send any reinforcements?" Fyron asks. "I already took care of all their scouts."

He then gestures towards all the dead trolls lying on the ground around him.

"Nobody else should know that we're here," Fyron continues.


[6] "Are you sure it's safe to carry her around like this?" Leila writes, looking concerned.

"Don't worry, she's not that tough!" I say. "Hell, I fought her with a dagger while she was in her best condition, and she still couldn't kill me!"

"You really like to play with fire, don't you, Barry-boy?" Arraka says.

"As long as she stays in that amulet, she's not a threat to us," Illuna tells Leila. "Come on, let's get going. We've been standing in one place for long enough."

She pauses.

"But before that," she says, "I'm going to cast a few healing spells. Most of your wounds seem to be older than one day, and they're not severe, so I should have no trouble healing them completely. Barry, I have no idea if the blood on your clothes comes from your wounds, or from the trolls I killed earlier, but if you need healing, I'll tend to you afterwards."

"Thank you," Leila writes, as Illuna begins to cast her healing spells.  


[7] "How intriguing," the goblin general says. "You have absolutely nothing to gain from this information, yet you are casually asking me to divulge to you some of my most important military secrets without offering me anything in return. I know that you're not a spy, because no spy would be stupid enough to ask me something like this directly. So what is the reason behind this question, I wonder?"

"I believe this is what humans like to call 'small talk'," Illuna says, in her usual indifferent tone. "Empty words, with the sole purpose of engaging in a conversation, for no reason in particular. Barry is just particularly bad at being discreet, so he never stopped to think whether his question was appropriate or not, for this situation."

"Give me a break!" I say. "If you were so worried about me knowing your plans, then you would have never allowed me to find out about the minotaur in the first place. If you have any reason to think that I might somehow leak the information, then you can just tell me that you're looking to hire the minotaur as the army's accountant, and leave it at that. It's not like I can verify the information that you give me, anyway."


[8] We all stop suddenly, and we look towards the corridor, in an attempt to find the source of the sound. The voice seems to have come from the end of the tunnel, but it's much too dark to see anything clearly.

"If you can hear me, please, help!" the voice says, again. "I've been trapped here for months. I'll do anything you want! Please!"

"Hmm..." the goblin says, as he creates an orb of light with his staff, and then he makes it float all the way to the end of the tunnel.

Now that we get a clear look, we see that at the end of the corridor there is a locked cell, which holds only one prisoner: a tiger.

"Were you the one calling out to us earlier?" Fyron asks the tiger.

"Yes," the tiger answers him. "Please, let me out of here! I'll do whatever you ask!"

"Oh?" the goblin says, with a mocking smile. "Are you certain that it's a good idea to be addressing us in Common like this? I heard that the old fox is executing anyone who dares to speak in this language nowadays."

"The golden fox can go to hell and so can her rules!" the tiger shouts. "I'm never going back to that horrible place again!"

"You do not wish to return to the fox's domain?" Fyron says. "But what other place is there for animals like you? Who else is going to protect you, if not the spirit fox?"


[9]  "I see," Fyron says.

He then makes his orb of light float closer to the iron bars of the cell, and the light from the orb begins to fade.

"Hmm," Fyron says. "As I suspected, the cell you have been placed into restricts the use of magic. Should I take it that you are a mage, then?"

"I am," the tiger says.

The goblin grins again, and he turns his gaze towards me.

"It appears that I'm in luck, Barry," Fyron says. "I may have just found myself the perfect candidate to lead my army's accounting team! What do you think? Does he look fit for the task?"


[10] "You are now free!" Fyron says, looking at the tiger that is now walking out of his cell. "And by this I mean that you are free to do my bidding. I really do hope that you are not planning to betray me and rejoin the fox immediately after we get out of this place."

"I assure you, that is not going to happen," the tiger says.

"Hmm?" the goblin says. "May I ask what it is that the fox has done in order to lose your loyalty to such a degree? Why would you still refuse to go back to your homeland, even after all this time has passed?"

"I have my reasons," the tiger says.

"See, that's not very reassuring," Fyron says, as he points towards the tiger with his staff. "If you're going to give me vague answers like that from the very beginning, what's to tell me that you didn't in fact make up that whole story about leaving the fox's domain, just to gain my sympathy?"


[11] The tiger pauses, for a few seconds, and then he repeats himself, in a lower voice.

"I never will," he says.

"Ah," Fyron says, "Now things are starting to make more sense. If the fox later also executed your family, in a similar manner to how she executed the leopard cub, I can see why you would choose to leave her domain forever. That would also explain why you left your homeland by yourself."

The tiger is looking pretty angry, after hearing the goblin's words, but he chooses to remain silent.

"You've said enough," Fyron tells the tiger. "At the very least, I would find it very unlikely that you would return to the golden fox after all you've just said. Regarding your debt to me, I ask only that you accompany me to my goblin camp on my way back. If the life there is not to your liking, then you may leave at any point, and consider your debt to me paid. I am, however, quite confident that you will choose to remain."

"And why is that?" the tiger asks.

"You will understand, once you get there," Fyron says. "Now, follow us. There is still another prisoner that we need to rescue before we can leave this place."

"Another prisoner?" the tiger asks, as he joins us, and we all resume our walk through the caves. "You don't mean the minotaur, do you?"


[12] "You can't be serious!" the tiger says.

"On the contrary," Illuna says. "I am quite serious. I do not know if the high level of intelligence shown by the animals in Varathia is due to the golden fox's influence, or due to some other factors, but the fact of the matter is that Varathia is the only place in the world where animals can speak, and it is the only place where they live in civilized societies."

"Hah!" Arraka says. "How does it feel to know that there are animals out there who are dumber than ogres? Did you think that you were anything special? I'm willing to bet that people from outside of Varathia would not even be able to tell the difference between you and a wild beast. To them, you're nothing but a mindless creature, no different from a harpy, or a giant slug. Isn't that right, Barry?"


[13] She does not get to finish what she had to say, because Illuna snaps the amulet shut in the middle of her sentence.

"I've heard enough of this," Illuna says. "We have more important matters to discuss right now."

She then turns to me.

"Barry, do you and Leila have a means of returning to your cells?" Illuna says. "I think I should warn you that Fyron and I will be teleporting out of here as soon as we free the minotaur, so we won't be there to escort you back."

"No, we don't have a means of returning to our cells," I say. "The way we came is sealed shut and a hundred feet above the ground. We need to find another way back."

"If you're looking to reach the main corridors below the arena," Fyron says, "there's a secret tunnel that I can open for you, not far from where the minotaur is located. You might have to get past several traps, in order to reach your destination, however."

"That's... awful nice of you," I say. 

"Do not worry," Illuna says, seeing the mistrust on my face. "Fyron is not foolish enough to risk his alliance with me for no other reason than to amuse himself. He is not Arraka. If he says that there's a tunnel leading to the corridors below the arena, then he likely speaks the truth."


[14] "You mean... she's still alive?" Leila writes, shocked. "But, aren't you a banshee? Didn't you consume her soul when you took over her body?"

Illuna laughs.

"If only it would have been that easy," she says. "Unfortunately, the two of us have been stuck together in this body for the past twenty years, and we'll likely continue living like this for years to come. Our souls are fused."

"I see..." Leila writes, simply.

She looks as if she'd still have some questions to ask, but ultimately she decides against it. As the tunnel's exit draws closer, Illuna reopens Arraka's amulet, and she asks her if she can spot any enemies nearby.

"Oh, so now you want me to talk?" Arraka says. "You're not going to close the amulet in my face anymore? Well, what if I don't want to talk? What do you say to that?"

"If you're not planning to talk, then I have no further need of you," Illuna says, as she starts to close back the amulet. "Have a good nap."

"Wait, wait, wait!" Arraka says, just as Illuna was about to close the amulet completely. "Okay, fine! You win! There are some trolls much further down the next tunnel, but they're not in viewing range of the maze's entrance. The coast is clear."


[15] "Oh?" Fyron says. "Then could you perhaps describe to me what lies beyond this black wall?"

"Yeah, hold on a sec," Arraka says.

For about ten seconds, we all wait silently for Arraka's answer.

"Well?" Fyron says. "Weren't you going to describe to us what's on the other side?"

"There's... a bit of interference," Arraka says. "I'm still working on it."

"Oh, then by all means," Fyron says, "do not let this old goblin's ramblings interrupt you from your work. Please, take all the time you need."

It takes thirty more seconds of silence until Illuna finally snaps.

"Good gods!" she shouts. "How long is it going to take you to admit the obvious? This wall is clearly made from a material that blocks magical sense. We can wait here all day, and you're still not going to get through it. Are you really that stubborn?"

"Fine!" Arraka says. "I admit it! I can't get through it. I have no idea what's on the other side. Are you happy now?"


[16] "This is no ordinary black stain," Leila writes. "It is troll blood. Look, there's more over there. And there as well. The trail is fresh. If we follow the drops of blood, they might just lead us to the minotaur."

"Or the trolls could very well be baiting us, so that we walk directly into their ambush!" the tiger says. "Since when do trolls leave blood trails, anyway? Don't they have regeneration powers that heal all of their wounds in a matter of seconds?"

"Not all of them," Illuna says. "The effectiveness of their regeneration varies from individual to individual. There are also certain types of wounds that heal slower than others. We have no way of knowing whether this trail was left deliberately or accidentally. Not that it matters, really. As long as we aim to reach the minotaur, we're going to run into the trolls sooner or later, whether we follow this trail or not."


[17] She then conjures a hologram similar to the one she made in the ogre stronghold, where we are represented by colored dots, and the map is covered by a black fog, except for the corridor that we are currently in. In the meantime, Fyron uses his staff to imprint a complex symbol on the wall to our right, in magical green ink. 

"We're good to go," Fyron says. "Follow me."

As we walk, the fog from Arraka's map is beginning to clear, little by little, getting replaced by the parts of the maze that we already know, while Fyron is making sure that he leaves no wall unmarked. 

"Aren't you going to ask me what the complex symbol I'm marking the walls with means, Barry?" Fyron says, with a grin.

"No, thanks," I say. "It's not worth owing you another favor just to get an answer to that question."

"You are learning fast!" Fyron says, and then he marks yet another wall with his green inked symbol.


[18] "Do not fail us like before," the other troll says, and after this last phrase, the corridors once again fall silent.

A few minutes later, we finally reached the end of the trail of blood, which led us to a dead-end, but also to a wounded troll with an arrow stuck in his chest, sitting on the ground, with his back leaning against a wall. We study the troll and his surroundings from a safe distance, in an attempt to figure out if this is supposed to be the set-up for an ambush or not, but there is no way to tell for sure.

"Are you the... intruders?" the troll says in Common, while breathing heavily.

"We are indeed," Fyron says.

"Please," the troll says, "could you help me... remove this arrow... from my chest?"

"And why would we do something like that?" Fyron says.

"You are... looking for the minotaur... yes?" the troll says. "If you help me... I can lead you to him. I know the way..."


[19] "They wouldn't?" I ask him. "What about that arrow in your chest, then? As far as I know, we should be the only intruders in these caverns. Who shot that arrow at you, if not the other trolls?"

"They said they would treat my wound if I... completed my task..." the troll says.

"Hey, if you trust your friends that much, then who am I to convince you otherwise!" I say. "Go ahead and press that button. Your cover has been blown, anyway, so you might as well use that signal to call your friends to help, right?"

The troll looks at me, helplessly, as he holds his thumb over the button, but in the end, he does not have the courage to press it, and he lowers his head, in defeat.

"I see that you've finally decided to stop deluding yourself," I tell him. "That's good. It means that now we might actually be able to work out a deal. How about it? You give me that remote of yours, and I'll remove the arrow for you. Then you can hold your promise of leading us to the minotaur. Sounds good?"

The troll makes no sound, for the next few seconds. 

"You speak to me as if I had a choice..." the troll says.


[20] "Hmph, of course you didn't," Illuna says. "Get up. We've fulfilled our end of the bargain. It's time for you to fulfill yours."

"I will," the troll says, as he gets up and then takes the lead. "Follow me."

"Hold on," I say. 

"Oh, what is it now?" Illuna says.

"Hey, troll," I say, as I lift his remote in the air. "Watch this!"

I press the remote's button, and the area in which the troll was sitting earlier immediately gets covered in fire, as a loud explosion brings down the walls and the ceiling around it, eventually transforming the whole corridor into a big pile of rubble.

"I just wanted to make sure that you don't regret your decision of joining us," I tell the troll, as I look at the shocked expression on his face.


[21] "This is the correct path," we hear the troll's voice coming from beyond the wall. "Just walk through that wall. It is an illusion."

"I must admit that I would have never guessed it if you hadn't told me," Fyron says, as he touches the wall with his hand. "It even mimics the sensation to the touch, to a certain degree. At least, enough to make me not question its authenticity. I wonder how many of these fake walls I've marked on my way here, without even realizing it."

We all walk through the illusion wall, and we continue to follow the troll throughout the many twists and turns in the maze. As we take another right turn, Arraka's map seems to indicate that we are heading towards one of the already visited paths.

"Hey, wait up!" Arraka says. "That's not the right way. We've already been through that corridor once. Look at the map!"

"The fake walls are not the only illusions being used in this maze," the troll says. "There is a spell that affects your sense of direction, as well. I see that you've also been marking the walls, aside from drawing the map. I'm sure that you'll believe me when you'll see that the corridor I'm leading you to will be completely devoid of such markings."


[22] "I was the one guarding the entrance to the caverns," the troll says. "They blamed me for having let you inside, even though none of you ever went anywhere near the entrance."

"That makes sense," Fyron says, while rubbing his chin. "We would never have made it this far undetected, if any of the guards knew about the existence of the secret tunnels. How much further is it until the minotaur?"

"Not much further now," the troll says. "We need to take about three more turns."

When we got closer to our destination, we finally met a few more trolls, who were likely the ones chosen to guard the minotaur's cell. They barely got the time to react to our presence, before Illuna sliced their heads off, with her signature water whip.

"Aren't you going to burn the bodies?" I ask the goblin.

"I'm not wasting any more energy from my staff for something this trivial," Fyron says. "If you want, you can hide the bodies yourself. Not that it would make much of a difference at this point."


[23] As the one who just spoke gets closer to us, we see that he is a particularly bulky troll, wearing anti-magic armor from head to toe, and holding two scimitars in his hands. He is grinning triumphantly.

"You've been running in circles ever since you entered this maze," the troll says. "I knew that you'd be coming back to this corridor, soon."

"Psst," I whisper to Illuna, while the troll is giving us his victory speech. "Why aren't you killing him?"

"He is wearing anti-magic armor, and he has a helmet," Illuna whispers back to me.  "That means that I can't make my water sharp against him, so I won't be able to cut his head off with my water whips."

"Yeah, but isn't anti-magic armor basically just regular armor with some protections on it?" I whisper. "Can't you have Flower burn him alive?"

"There is no anti-magic armor in existence without protection from fire," Illuna whispers. "Casting fire magic on him would be pointless."


[24] "A troll that doesn't die even when you cut his head off?" Fyron says. "This is not what I signed up for. Illuna, use the cage spell."

"I can only use that spell once per day," Illuna says. "If I use it now--"

"It doesn't matter," Fyron says. "You won't need to use it later. I have a plan. Cage him, now!"

Illuna frowns at him, but she does as he asked. She stretches her arm towards the troll, and out of nowhere, a golden cage appears around him, trapping him inside. It is the same spell that she used to trap us when we were at the ogre fort. The golden fox's spell.


[25] "That cage isn't going to hold him for long," Illuna says, as we all make our way out of the passage, and the secret door closes itself behind us. "Would you mind telling me what this plan of yours is?"

"He doesn't need to be held for long," Fyron says, "I very much doubt that he knows about the existence of that secret passage, so he's not going to find us anytime soon. More importantly, I recognized that corridor from earlier, and I recognize this one as well. It seems that they've kept some of the old corridors, and included them in the labyrinth, when they built this place. If that's the case, then I think I have a pretty good idea of where we are, and the minotaur's cell should not be far from here. Follow me."


[26] We all walk through the illusory wall, and we continue our journey towards the minotaur. A few minutes later, when we were almost at our destination, we encountered a few more trolls, who were likely the ones chosen to guard the minotaur's cell. They barely got the time to react to our presence, before Illuna sliced their heads off, with her signature water whip.

"Aren't you going to burn the bodies?" I ask the goblin.

"I'm not wasting any more energy from my staff for something this trivial," Fyron says. "If you want, you can hide the bodies yourself. Not that it would make much of a difference at this point."


[27] He laughs bitterly.

"I never thought I'd live to see the day," the minotaur says, "when I would actually seriously consider an offer like this." 

"It's not as bad as you might think," Fyron says. "At the very least, in our goblin camp you should have access to more food than here, and you wouldn't have to spend your days locked up in a paralysis cell. Or would you rather spend the rest of your life entertaining these humans?"

"This goblin army of yours..." the minotaur says. "Is it made only of goblins? Or have you also recruited other warriors such as myself to join it before?"


[28] "You are clearly a skilled diplomat, goblin," the minotaur says. "You have a gift for finding the exact words that someone wants to hear, and you deliver them at just the right moment. Normally, my natural hatred for diplomats would make me not think twice before refusing your offer, but in this case, as you are well aware, I do not have much of a choice."

He pauses again.

"Very well, general Fyron," the minotaur says. "I give you my word. As long as you free me from here, I will accompany you to your goblin camp, and I will take your employment offer as seriously as I am able."

"That is all I wanted to hear," Fyron says, with a grin. 

He then uses his staff to cast a spell on the panel outside the cell, which deactivates the paralysis spell, and opens the gate.

"How are you planning to get me out of these caverns?" the minotaur says, as he gets up from the ground and walks out of his cell.


[29] "We should get going," Illuna says, and she grabs the minotaur's hand, in order to get ready for teleportation.

She gives us all one last look, stopping her gaze for a few seconds when her eyes meet mine.

"Don't die," she tells me, simply.

"I won't," I say.

She then casts her teleportation spell, and both her and the minotaur disappear from our sight.

"This way!" Fyron says, as he goes back the way we came from.

He then stops by a wall, and he taps it lightly three times with his staff, causing a secret door to open up, and to reveal a hidden passage.

"This tunnel will lead you back to the upper levels," Fyron says. "I trust that you will be able to find your way back to your cells from there."

"We'll manage," I say.


[30] "Yeah, that was me," I say.

"Hmm..." Fyron says, giving me a curious look for a few seconds. "Well, the four goblins said that they were very eager to meet you again, so if you ever find your way into our goblin camp, be sure to drop by their house. I'm certain that they will be of help to you in one way or another."

"Sure thing," I say. "If I ever have business there, I will pay them a visit."

Fyron nods, and he prepares to cast his teleportation spell.

"I wish you both luck," the goblin says. "Next time we meet, I hope it will be under better circumstances."

He then casts his spell, and he vanishes into thin air, alongside the tiger. Leila and I waste no time, and we enter the secret tunnel, as the door shuts itself behind us. 

"You have some very... unique friends," Leila writes, smiling, as we walk through the dark corridor.


[31] "Yeah, that was me," I say.

"Hmm..." Fyron says, giving me a curious look for a few seconds. "Well, the four goblins said that they were very eager to meet you again, so if you ever find your way into our goblin camp, be sure to drop by their house. I'm certain that they will be of help to you in one way or another."

"Sure thing," I say. "If I ever have business there, I will pay them a visit."

Fyron nods, and he prepares to cast his teleportation spell.

"I wish you both luck," the goblin says. "Next time we meet, I hope it will be under better circumstances."

He then casts his spell, and he vanishes into thin air, alongside the tiger and the troll. Leila and I waste no time, and we enter the secret tunnel, as the door shuts itself behind us. 

"You have some very... unique friends," Leila writes, smiling, as we walk through the dark corridor.


[32] "You are saying that you'd rather fight the creatures from the arena," I say, "than have a direct confrontation with the lessathi from this city?"

"Yes," Leila writes. "The lessathi have powerful artifacts that allow them to use magic, similar to the staff that the goblin general was using. At least in the arena nobody is allowed to use magic, so as long as I have my stat device, I can stand a chance."

"Yeah, I guess I see your point," I say. "Speaking of stat devices, I think we should pull them out to light this place up a bit. The goblin did say that there might be traps around here, so we should watch our step."

We walk down the dark tunnel for a few minutes, carefully checking every step of the way for traps, or enemy ambushes. As we step into a larger area, lit by the glowing blue crystals that we've seen before, we realize that all of our efforts to spot hidden ambushes have been wasted, because the enemy was waiting for us here, in this very room, without making any effort at hiding themselves.


[33] "He's gone," I tell him. "He teleported away with our friends. I doubt you'll ever see him again."

"You are lying!" the troll shouts, furiously. "You would have never went through the trouble of navigating the maze, if you could have just teleported in and out at your leisure. And if your friends really did teleport out of here, then they would have surely taken you with them. If you're not going to tell me where the minotaur is, then I will just have to walk over your dead bodies, and search him for myself. You should know by now that you stand no chance against me. If you want this to be over quickly, then don't move. I will be sure to grant you a merciful death."


[34] "That's not how you begin a battle, human," the troll's head says, from the ground. "Attacking an enemy out of the blue without giving them proper warning is a mark of cowardice. Did they not teach you proper gladiator etiquette when they brought you to the arena?"

His body then picks up his head from the ground, and it places it back on top of its neck. Within seconds, the head attaches itself back to its body, making it look as if there had never been a wound in the first place.

"I hope you've convinced yourselves of the futility of your actions," the troll says. "If you want this to end quickly, just stand there and don't move. I will be sure to grant you a merciful death."


[35] "I'm not telling you to let them go," the owner says. "I am only asking you to postpone your fight with them until the second round of the arena event. The minotaur is gone, and you are the only warrior we have who is on par with him, combat-wise. I will pay you handsomely if you join the fights in the arena, and you will also have your chance to avenge your fallen comrades, since these two will be participating in the fights. Wouldn't that be a better alternative for you than to lose your job needlessly because you lacked patience?"

The troll grumbles, but he does not seem like he wants to continue the argument.

"They'd better not get killed by the creatures in the first round," Velgos says, as he points towards us. "I want to kill them myself!"

"I wouldn't worry too much about that," the owner says. "I'd say that they have very good chances of making it to the second round alive, based on what I've seen so far. Now, get going. I need to lead our guests back to their cells."

"Fine," Velgos says. "We'll discuss my payment later."

With these final words, the troll walks away from us, and he disappears into the darkness of the caverns.

"You're going to lead us back to our cells?" I ask the owner. "Not that I'm complaining, but aren't you the arena's owner? Why would you let us go so easily?"


[36] "Yes," the owner says. "There is an ancient alarm system that has been set up since the age of the lessathi, meant to warn me if anyone triggers the trap from the arena cells. I found you while you were drying up by the fire, and I have been following you from afar ever since."

"But how did you manage to remain undetected?" I ask him. "We even had Arraka with us, who could detect invisible enemies."

"Your goblin friend is not the only one who knows about secret tunnels," the owner says. "Over the years, I have built many such hidden corridors throughout these caverns, and I've had them covered with seredium dust, in order to make sure that I cannot be detected while I walk through them. I've also had an illusionist cast a spell on all the walls, which makes it so that you can see through them from inside the hidden tunnels, but not from the outside. This allowed me to watch the events unfold, without giving myself away."

"So," I say, "you've just been watching all this time, instead of stopping us? Why?"


[37] "I don't know if you've noticed or not," the owner says, "but beneath the lake that the two of you fell in, there is an old elevator, built by the lessathi hundreds of years ago. The elevator can only be activated with a spider shaped key that has been passed throughout my family for generations, but has never been used until now."

He pulls a spider shaped statuette made from stone out of his pocket, and he hands it to me.

"The mechanism that requires this key is located at the bottom of the lake," the owner says. "Simply insert the statuette into the spider shaped slot, and rotate it twice, in a clockwise direction. That should get the elevator going. Expect it to move a little slowly, though. It has not been used for centuries."

I nod to him, and I jump into the water, with the statuette in my right hand. I tell Leila to wait for me by the shore, so I can come back for her once I've activated the elevator. After diving into the water, I immediately find the spider shaped slot that the owner was talking about, and I do as he said, inserting the statuette into the hole and rotating it twice. 

