
[1] 

[2] "You can't be serious..." Illuna says. "You're telling me that you're willing to live together with me AND Flower in the same mind, while sharing control of the body with both of us, just for the sake of your plan?"

"Yeah, sure, why not?" Arraka says, in a casual tone. "We can have the tea parties with biscuits and whatever in the morning, and then we'll do the murder sprees in the evening. I'm sure we can work something out."

"I'm sorry, but I am finding this very hard to believe..." Illuna says.

"As you should," Arraka tells her. "If you would have been so easily ready to trust the word of someone who already killed you once, then it would have meant that you've learned nothing from me during the years when you were my pupil."


[3] The only way in which I can become accustomed to this is through repeated experimentation, just as I would have done if I were a regular mage. I suppose this is one rare thing for which Brinhorn genuinely deserves some praise. Whenever I came up with an outlandish idea for combining two or more spells, he almost always managed to make it work nearly effortlessly, and could follow my instructions perfectly. You could easily tell that he had spent countless amounts of hours practicing his magic, all for the purpose of one day surpassing Azarius.


[4] "Oh, so that's how it is..." I say, as I ready up another one of my spells and aim for him.

Before I get to cast anything, my stat device from my pocket suddenly starts beeping, letting me know that I've finally received some new stat points.

Perfect timing.


[5] About ten or so minutes later, Arraka finally calls me to her, so that she can give me my new task.

"Alright, Barry-boy, let's see the fruits of your labor," Arraka says. "Go ahead and shoot a fire arrow at that tree over there."

"It's not going to work," I tell her. "I know what you're trying to do, but it's just not happening."

"Okay, I'll ask you one more time," Arraka says. "Did you or did you not cast spells in the ethereal plane by imagining the exact flow and intensity of each individual magical particle and then controlling them flawlessly?"

"Yes, but that is an entirely different plane of--"

"A simple 'yes' will suffice," Arraka interrupts me. "Now, can you think of a spell with an easier flow to control than 'fire arrow'?"

"Not really, but--"

"Then shut up and do it," Arraka says. "As long as you do exactly the same thing that you did on the ethereal plane, it will work."


[6] "You've got to be joking..." Illuna says. "Just a short while ago, I was watching you literally banging your head against that tree a thousand times in a row. You're really trying to tell me that this had anything to do with you learning magic?"  

"No, of course not," I say. "It had nothing to do with me learning magic."

"Then why would you do it?!" Illuna asks, looking as if she's finally losing her cool.

"Because he's a generalist," Arraka says. "He's the only one in this group who understands enough magical theory that I don't need to jump through hoops to make him follow my instructions, no matter how idiotic and nonsensical they may seem to the rest of you. He may have disagreed with how well my training would work in practice, but he knew that there were no flaws in the theory behind it. He would have never accepted to do any of this otherwise."

"Yeah," I say, "the whole thing with hitting my head against the tree so that I could imprint my aura onto it and make it an easier target for my spell was something that I tried to do many years before I could use magic. It's not really a very well-known method of training, because it's hard to take seriously, but it can have an immensely positive effect on mages with very weak magical power who can't learn to cast spells any other way."

"But why would you need to go through all this trouble NOW, when you can already cast magic?" Illuna says. "Why not simply cast it through the use of your stat device?"


[7] "Exactly," Arraka says. "See, this is why the spells made by me are so great, compared to the ones created by all the other simpletons. With my original spells, you are not limited by the amount of energy that you have at your disposal. You can make the spells as strong or as weak as you want, depending on how much energy you want to spend on them."

"Now you're beginning to sound like a salesperson that is trying much too hard to sell their faulty products," Illuna says. "We only just saw that the fire arrow that Barry cast works the same way, so clearly your spells are not as unique as you're making them out to be."

"Pfft..." Arraka says. "Fire arrow doesn't count. That's one of the newer spells. Show me a spell from before five thousand years ago that does what my spells do, and then we'll talk."

"Aaanyway..." I say. "To answer Flower's question, I suppose that what I'd want to try out first are some spells with easier flows to recreate, so that I can get some more practice before I begin with the complicated ones. I'd probably start with something like the frog summoning spell from the Beginner's guide to summoning magic. Hmm, or maybe the floating dagger spell that those scam artists like to use when they pretend to be juggling. Oh, or I could try the one spell where you can make little sparks fly in the air like tiny fireworks!"

"Or... here's an idea," Arraka says. "How about you try out a spell that isn't completely useless?"


[8] "Hmm..." I say. "Today I've been really busy with finding spell combinations and banging my head against the tree, so I can't say that I've tested that many spells compared to yesterday. Oh, I suppose I did attempt to cast a dizziness spell on Hadrik earlier, but I never really managed to lock onto him because he was dashing around too fast."

"You have a dizziness spell?" Kate asks, surprised. "At level one?"

"A very weak one, but it can still technically be classified as a dizziness spell, yes," I say. "It makes you feel slightly light-headed for a few seconds."

"Obviously, I wasn't expecting you to have access to Wolford's daze at your first level of magical knowledge," Kate says, "but I wasn't aware that there were any dizziness spells that could be cast with the little amount of magical energy you have at your disposal."

"Hey, now that you mentioned it, I think I DID have access to Wolford's daze when I was fighting Tyrath," I say. "That being said, who knows if I'll ever reach a level as high as that on my magical stats again? One can only hope."

"What is Wolf-- Wolfer-- Wolfor's daze?" Flower asks us. "I've never heard of it before."


[9] "Hmm..." I say. "Today I've been really busy with finding spell combinations and banging my head against the tree, so I can't say that I've tested that many spells compared to yesterday. Oh, I suppose I did cast a dizziness spell on Hadrik earlier, but he only let me do it once before he got bored and left."

"You have a dizziness spell?" Kate asks, surprised. "At level one?"

"A very weak one, but it can still technically be classified as a dizziness spell, yes," I say. "It makes you feel slightly light-headed for a few seconds."

"Obviously, I wasn't expecting you to have access to Wolford's daze at your first level of magical knowledge," Kate says, "but I wasn't aware that there were any dizziness spells that could be cast with the little amount of magical energy you have at your disposal."

"Hey, now that you mentioned it, I think I DID have access to Wolford's daze when I was fighting Tyrath," I say. "That being said, who knows if I'll ever reach a level as high as that on my magical stats again? One can only hope."

"What is Wolf-- Wolfer-- Wolfor's daze?" Flower asks us. "I've never heard of it before."


[10] "...I was going to show it to you once I had some more definitive results," Kate says. "At the moment, I'm still not sure if I'm doing it right."

"You were doing fine," Arraka says. "Your only problem is that if you're going to practice interrupting other people's aura manipulation techniques, you're going to need someone actually using such a technique in front of you if you want to make any progress. Daren, you can consistently use your aura to move your sword through the air nowadays, right? Why don't you make your sword float over there, so that Kate can demonstrate to us what she can do?"

"Sure," Daren says, as he does what Arraka asked of him and makes his sword float in the air. "Now what?"

"Kate, will you do the honors?" Arraka says.

"I'll try..." Kate says, as she conjures an icicle in the air, coats it with her aura and then sends it flying somewhere between Daren and his floating sword.

"Whoa..." Daren says, as he sees his sword drop to the ground in front of him. "You did it on the first try! Congrats!"

"See?" Arraka tells us. "She's a natural. And unlike Daren, I didn't even have to teach her anything. She learned it all by herself, while overhearing me give Daren his daily lessons. Now, there's one last thing that I want to test before calling it a day. Kate, why don't you get that brand new scepter of yours and cast a freezing beam on that big rock over there? But I want you to put as much energy into your beam as you can. Max it out, you understand?"


[11] "And how are we supposed to do that?" Kate says.

"With Daren's sword, obviously," Arraka says. "That weapon is so ridiculously enchanted that it can easily pass through pretty much every passive protection spell that exists today, let alone the ones that existed five thousand years ago. Even if she only gets frozen for three seconds, that should still be enough time for this buffoon to cut her in half, as long as he makes sure to stay close enough to her beforehand. The only way to defend against that sword is to either dodge it or use a powerful active protection spell against it, which she obviously won't be able to do because she'll be encased in a block of ice. Wow, this plan gets more perfect the more I think about it!"


[12] I think Daren and Hadrik might have thought about this too, because I've definitely seen them keeping their distance from Diane, despite her repeated attempts to get into their good graces. I feel a little bad being suspicious about Kate's childhood friend like this, but I suppose it would have also helped if she acted a bit more naturally and didn't try so hard to become our friend. Then again, maybe she's just being awkward and she will start to relax in a few days, once she'll get to know us better. Time will tell. 

"Around here should be fine, I think," Diane says, as she stops somewhere near the river. "We're far enough from the others to not be distracting them from their own trainings. So, what kind of spells will we be testing today, Barry? As you may have guessed, I have a rather high tolerance for pain, so there's no need to hold back!"


[13] "Yes, exactly!" Diane says. "How did you know?"

"I took a wild guess, because the symptoms you described sounded very similar to the ones you get in the first few seconds after someone casts Wolford's daze on you," I say. "I actually noticed that the two spells had a striking amount of similarities in terms of flow, but I didn't think they'd even share some of the effects. This is very interesting. Maybe instead of trying to give people a light headache, I could focus on fooling them into thinking that I'm trying to cast Wolford's spell on them. It feels like that might provide a better distraction."

"So, do you want me to cancel my protection against dizziness now, or?..." Diane asks me.

"I'll just cast the spell on you one more time to make sure that the effects stay the same, and then we'll do the test without the magic protection," I say. "If you don't mind, of course."

"Sure, sure, not a problem," Diane says.


[14] "Why not?" I say. "Did you have a fight with him or something?"

"No," Diane says, "it's just that every time I try to talk to him, he seems on edge, and it always feels like he's trying to end the conversation as quickly as possible. To be honest, I can't really say that I blame him. I probably would be acting like that too around someone who left me unconscious in the middle of the sacred woods and almost got me killed. I know we've kind of started off on the wrong foot, and I've been trying to smooth things over with him and everyone else as well as I could in the past two days, but to be quite honest, I haven't had much luck. Do you have any idea of a way I could make him warm up to me? Maybe a favorite game, or favorite food, or at least some sort of conversation starter?"


[15] What catches my attention, however, is that unlike her usual routine, during which she always creates her icicles in different places to further challenge herself, this time she is making the icicles appear in the exact same place over and over, and only changes her targets. Her gaze is also very distant and unfocused compared to how she usually is when she is performing this exercise. It's almost as if she has specifically chosen this easier form of training, so that she can just mechanically go through the motions, while her mind is free to think about something else entirely.

Normally, this wouldn't have been a big deal, but this is the third time in the past two days that I've seen Kate do the exact same thing, despite the fact that she usually takes her aim training very seriously. I think something is up with her. Maybe I should go ask her what's wrong.


[16] "If it helps," I say, "you should know that you're not the only one having trouble getting close to Diane. I'm not sure if you've noticed, but Hadrik and Daren barely speak to her, and I guess I haven't really had many conversations with her either. There's just something about her that makes her seem a little... insincere, maybe? Not that I'm calling her a liar, or anything, but sometimes I can't help but feel like I'm talking to, uh... to a female version of the king of the underground."

"Barry, that's it!" Kate says loudly, all of a sudden. "I think that's what's been bothering me all this time! Something about her feels similar to the king of the underground, but I'm not sure exactly what. I'll try to see if I can figure it out in the next few days, and maybe that will help me feel a little more comfortable talking to her!"

"So, that's one problem partly solved," I say. "But what about the other one? Have you thought about what you are going to do once the tournament ends, and Diane inevitably tells you that she wants to stay here, in Varathia, and continue to work for Meridith?"

"I'm... not sure yet," Kate says, as she looks to the side. "To be frank, I've been kind of postponing that decision, knowing that we still have some time until we reach Galamir. It's not that I hate Meridith or anything, but I wouldn't exactly want to spend my life working for her either."


[17] "Sorry, gotta go!" I tell her.

"No problem," Kate says. "I'll just finish my training and go to sleep. It's getting late."

"Okay, good night, then!" I say. "See you tomorrow!"

"Good night!" Kate says, and then she resumes her training, this time conjuring her icicles correctly.

I leave the area in which Kate was practicing her aiming, and I begin to head towards the place where Daren and I agreed we would be keeping watch from tonight.


[18] "Yeah, I'll be right there!" I shout back at him.

"Alright!" Daren says, loudly. "While you're getting ready, I'll go ask Hadrik if he'll loan us his deck of cards. I'll meet you there!"

"Sounds like a plan!" I shout, and then I start to head towards the area where Daren and I agreed we would be keeping watch from tonight.


[19] "Most likely, yes," Arraka says. "It's definitely a unique skill to have, I'll give them that. I wasn't really paying much attention to it before I noticed this with the king of the underground, but now I am gaining more and more of an interest in it."

"So, what were you two talking about before I came by?" I say. "You both seemed to be really enjoying yourselves."

"To be honest, I don't even remember what the main topic of our conversation was, and probably neither does Diane," Arraka says. "We're just playing a game, she and I. A game in which the objective is for me to figure out the way in which her aura concealment works, while she plays around with me and smiles confidently, from a position of clear superiority. It's been a long time since I've had the pleasure of being the underdog in any game or competition involving magic, so I'm enjoying this to my fullest."

"Does this mean that you're not getting anywhere close to figuring her out, then?" I ask Arraka.

"Oh, she will slip up eventually, I'm sure," Arraka says. "It's only a matter of time."


[20] "Oh, well if you're sure of it," Daren says, while rolling his eyes.

"So, where are those playing cards?" I ask Daren.

"I've got them right here!" he answers me, as he takes out the deck of cards and puts them on the ground next to me.

For the next few hours or so, Daren and I played a few different card games from both of our homelands, while we exchanged some stories from our time before the tournament. Normally, Daren would have been the one doing most of the storytelling, but this time he insisted on me telling him some of my adventures as well, despite me warning him that any situation I've been in would sound boring compared to what he and Hadrik have experienced throughout their lives.

Once I was done telling him a few of my stories, I couldn't help but notice that I managed to maintain his interest for much longer than I was expecting. He seemed to be paying close attention the whole time I was talking, and sometimes it even felt like he could barely wait any longer to hear the end of the story. Could it be that he actually enjoyed it?


[21] For the next few hours or so, Daren and I played a few different card games from both of our homelands, while we exchanged some stories from our time before the tournament. Normally, Daren would have been the one doing most of the storytelling, but this time he insisted on me telling him some of my adventures as well, despite me warning him that any situation I've been in would sound boring compared to what he and Hadrik have experienced throughout their lives.

Once I was done telling him a few of my stories, I couldn't help but notice that I managed to maintain his interest for much longer than I was expecting. He seemed to be paying close attention the whole time I was talking, and sometimes it even felt like he could barely wait any longer to hear the end of the story. Could it be that he actually enjoyed it?


[22] "Nah," I say. "It's been years since I last talked to him. I don't even know if he'd still be using the same transceiver or not. I've thought about sending him a letter once or twice, but I always kind of put it off for another time, telling myself that I'd rather give him the good news of having found a way to become a mage rather than contacting him after such a long time just to tell him of my failure. I wonder how he would react if he saw me casting magic now..."

"I'm sure he'd be proud," Daren says. "Maybe he'd even find some more motivation for working harder on his own unachievable goal. If something as impossible as a regular person casting magic can be done, then beating Azarius should seem like a piece of cake in comparison."

"Yeah, I guess you could put it that way!" I say.


[23] "Yes, but it was still the same person!" Daren says. "The Eiden from our world would have reacted the same way too, if he were put in the same situation. That's why I'm conflicted about this whole thing. He asked me to prove him wrong, Barry... And I think he wants the same thing from you. How can I murder him in cold blood, knowing that deep down, he might regret what he's done and he actually wants us to do the impossible and make him believe in humanity again?"


[24] "I can't say that I'm an expert on this myself, but these fragments seem to have certain limitations when interacting with our world," I say. "Thinking back, the only times when a Magium fragment was about to erase me happened either inside the Magium realm, or shortly after the blue crystals awakened. The very first time, we were already inside the Magium realm when we were attacked. This more recent time, we were pulled inside the realm, but only because we were standing close to the node, so it's possible that the node doesn't allow the fragment to interact with our world all that much. Also, if I remember correctly, the Magium fragment that was looking for the Arraka from the past said that it was going to undo this whole universe from its seams just to find out where Arraka was hiding. If it needs to do something so drastic just for finding one person, then it is also a possibility that these fragments are not capable of pinpoint precision attacks outside of their realm, although I might be theorizing a little too much, based on so few facts."

"Yeah, you've definitely lost me, Barry," Daren says. "I know you were trying to make this sound less confusing, but all of this Magium, fragments and node stuff is going way over my head. I can only hope that we will have as little interaction as possible with all of them in the future, so I won't actually need to understand any of this. All I want from the Magium is to use the node to get the knowledge I require from it and that's it. No other complications!"


[25] One other, more unusual conversation partner that we've been talking to on a semi-regular basis since we left the lessathi base is Jirinn, the spirit in the magical plane that Daren is linked with. Well, actually, he mostly only talks with Arraka, and barely acknowledges our presence, but even so, he has been giving us some very interesting information about the latest developments on the magical plane. Apparently, Arraka's plan worked far better than we could have hoped, and now most of the gods have turned against the God of Time, the God of Death and the God of Fate. 

Also, now that the other denizens of the magical plane found out that some of the gods had been absorbing spirits to increase their powers in secret, many of them have started volunteering to join Jirinn's enlightened warriors group and according to him, they should soon have enough members to pose an actual threat to the divided and weakened gods.

However, as Arraka predicted, the three rogue gods have been holding out quite well against all the other gods, and they are giving no signs of losing this battle anytime soon. In fact, from what I understood, nobody has managed to even find the three gods for the past three days, probably because of the God of Fate's illusions that are doing a very good job at keeping them hidden and disorienting their foes. Still, this is very good news for us, because we want the God of Time to be as distracted and weakened as possible when we fight him, if we want to have any realistic chance of success.


[26] "I haven't really used it that many times in the past twenty years since I first came across it with Flower," Illuna says, "but usually Fyron would ask for a minor favor from us in exchange for a few visits to the node. That is how things normally work with him, as I'm sure Barry has already told you by now. If you want to visit his node while you are here, I'm certain that you can work something out with him when we'll meet him again in Galamir."

"Oh, right," Daren says, "because he'll be there for the diplomatic discussions before the beginning of the war with Tyrath. Hopefully we'll catch him before he leaves."

"Oh, you don't need to worry about that," Diane says. "Those discussions will absolutely not start before everyone gets there, and according to Meridith, I won't be the only one who's late. You will get your chance to talk to him, I'm sure."

"Shouldn't you be the one who is worried?" Illuna asks Diane, while raising an eyebrow. "If they make a deal with Fyron about his node, they will have one less reason to take Meridith's deal about killing Eiden."


[27] "Oh, yeah, totally," Hadrik says, as he takes another bite of roasted wyvern.

"I suppose..." Daren says.

"Thank you for saying this, Kate," Diane says. "I really appreciate it!"


[28] "Uh-huh," Arraka says. "Sure it is. Still, it warms my heart that you've finally decided to get over your hatred of me just enough to at least make use of the spells I taught you. It would have been such a waste if you just continued to ignore all of my teachings."

"If you're feeling so talkative, how about actually being useful and giving your input on the modifications I made to your spell," Illuna says. "I've been focusing especially on improving its stability, and on making the water regenerate quickly enough to withstand most of the stronger fire attacks."

"Hmm..." Arraka says. "Not bad. There are a few tiny adjustments that I'd make, but other than that, it doesn't look bad at all. Here, let me mark some of the inadequacies I've noticed, so that you can work on them."


[29] "Hadrik, my friend..." Daren says. "This fighting style of yours isn't just a little better, it's a huge improvement! I could barely wrap my head around it, and I've seen you fight countless times. If you already know that you can fight so much better without drinking, then why not just take a break from alcohol until the tournament is over? Don't you want to be at your strongest when fighting your opponents?"

"Hmm..." Hadrik says. "How am I going to explain this to you in a way that makes sense?... You see, to me, drinking alcohol is like breathing air. If someone were to come to you now and tell you that you could fight ten times better if you stopped breathing, would you do it?"

"I suppose I should have known that you'd say something like this," Daren says. "Never mind. Forget that I even asked. Illuna are you done with those dishes yet?"

"Almost," Illuna says. "These two are the last ones."


[30] "Nope," Arraka says. "If I absolutely wanted to, I could probably figure it out, but you'd need to stand in place and let me analyze one of these for at least a day, or maybe more. Trust me, it would be a waste of time for all of us."

"Too bad," Daren says. "If you could have done it in only a few hours it might have been worth it. If Eiden's been placing so many of them around the continent, then these spells must be very important to him."

"Here's an idea," Arraka says. "How's about you don't try to antagonize Eiden too, while we're already busy making plans to kill the gods and the copy version of me from the past. Let's take things one at a time, shall we?"

"Fine, fine," Daren says. "But for the record, I wasn't trying to antagonize him or anything. I was just thinking that maybe if we found out what he was after, we could better understand his motivations, and maybe that could help us find some common ground with him."

"Sure you were," Arraka says, in a sarcastic tone. "Alright, move along, folks! Nothing to see here."

As soon as we leave the area, Flower pulls out her transceiver, and she shouts into it loudly.

"Hey, Melindra!" she says. "You'll never guess what rock I found lying in the grass in the middle of the woods!"

