
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] 

"Arraka, wake up!" Illuna says. "Barry already completed the task you gave him ten minutes ago. If you don't give him something to do, he'll start testing that obnoxious spell of his with the blinding flash of light over and over again, and none of us want that."

"Hey," I say, "you should be grateful that I tested that spell as many times as I did. The last thing you'd want during a tense fight would be for me to blind you by accident because I didn't practice enough. That spell has very delicate timing, you know."

"I'm sure it does," Illuna tells me in a dismissive tone, and then she picks up the amulet again so she can speak louder into it. "Arraka, seriously, what are you doing? We've been calling out to you for ages and you haven't responded at all. Don't make me spin you."

"Alright, alright!" Arraka says, in an exasperated tone. "I'll give Barry his blasted task. Just give me one more minute. I'm kind of in the middle of something."

"Let me guess," Illuna says. "You're trying to find an explosion spell that requires less energy to cast, so that you can take us by surprise the next time when you try to escape from the amulet. Is that it?"

"Wrong," Arraka says. "If there were a faster explosion spell, I would have used it years ago. But if you have to know, I am currently trying to create a modified version of my soul absorption spell where instead of absorbing the host's soul, I fuse with them, and we both get equal control of the body."


[3] "Well, I personally believe Arraka," I say.

"See that?" Arraka tells Illuna. "Barry's a gullible moron. All I need to do is act friendly with him for a few days and he thinks I'm harmless. Aren't you glad that you didn't end up like him?"

"On that alone, I will have to agree with you," Illuna says, begrudgingly.

"Yeah, yeah, whatever you say," I tell them. "If you need me, I'll be over there, by those rocks, testing a few more spells."

I let Arraka focus on researching her new spell while I head to a more isolated part of our camp, which is perfect for me letting loose a little and experimenting with my newly acquired magic. During the two days since we've left the lessathi base, I've been spending as much time as possible cataloguing my available spells in my notebook and testing each one of them out, to make sure that I could indeed use them when required.


[4] "For what it's worth, I don't believe Arraka either," I say.

"Very good," Arraka says. "Then maybe you are not a completely lost cause after all. Now be a good boy and play with your spells for a few more minutes while I finish what I'm doing here."

"As if I wasn't going to do exactly that even without you telling me..." I say. "If you need me, I'll be over there, by those rocks."

I let Arraka focus on researching her new spell while I head to a more isolated part of our camp, which is perfect for me letting loose a little and experimenting with my newly acquired magic. During the two days since we've left the lessathi base, I've been spending as much time as possible cataloguing my available spells in my notebook and testing each one of them out, to make sure that I could indeed use them when required.


[5] "Hey, Barry, you practicing your spells again?" Hadrik says, with a grin, as he passes by me with a bottle of ale in his hand. "If you're still in need of a test subject, I could lend you a hand for a minute. I've got nothing to do for the time being, and I'm just drunk enough to not consider the consequences of what I'm offering."

"Wow, yeah, that would be great!" I say, enthusiastically. "I actually do have a few targeted spells that can only be used on living beings which I haven't had the opportunity to try out yet. I've been begging Kate and Daren to let me test these on them for the past two days, but they never agreed!"

"So I've heard!" Hadrik says, as he takes another sip from his bottle, and then puts it on the ground.

Shortly afterwards, he steps away from the bottle, he turns to face me and he stretches his arms outwards, inviting me to cast a spell at him.


[6] "Hey, are we still doing this or what?..." Hadrik says.

"Yeah, sorry, I just had a few new stat points that I needed to spend," I say, as I put my device back in my pocket. "I'm ready now."

Now, then... Let's see if I can find a quick way to deal with this before Hadrik gets too bored to act as my test subject anymore.


[7] I take out my stat device to stop the beeping, and then I put it back in my pocket again. While I was doing this, Hadrik was dashing repeatedly left and right, taunting me to make my move.

Now, then... Let's see if I can find a quick way to deal with this before Hadrik gets too bored to act as my test subject anymore.


[8] 

Alright, let's see what we've got, here.

Clearly, there has to be some sort of hint in the flow of Hadrik's aura that can show me where he will move next. All I need to do is find it. How hard can that be, right?

After just staring blankly at Hadrik for about thirty seconds, trying to figure out anything that could possibly help me predict his next movements, the dwarf finally gives up on his attempts to provoke me and he picks his bottle back up from the ground.

"Well, Barry, your minute is up," Hadrik says. "Maybe try a little harder next time, aye?"


[9] 



Let's see what we've got here...

Okay, so there's clearly something going on with his aura just before he dashes in any given direction. Logically speaking, I should be able to read these flows in order to predict his next movements, but I'll be damned if I can make any sense of it.

After about thirty seconds of just staring at Hadrik, trying to figure out where he'll run to next, the dwarf finally gives up on his attempts to provoke me and he picks his bottle back up from the ground.


[10] 



Let's see what we've got here...

Okay, so there's clearly something going on with his aura just before he dashes in any given direction. If only I could figure out a pattern or something that could help me-- wait a minute, I think I got it!

At the moment, it's only a theory at best, but I don't have any time to confirm it, so I'll just have to go with my gut feeling on this one. It seems to me that the aura around the fingertips of his left hand is getting slightly pulled in the direction that he plans to run towards, briefly before he moves his legs. I also think I might be able to somewhat estimate how far he's gonna go, based on how quickly his aura gets pulled in the given direction.

I doubt I'll be able to get this right on the first try, so I'd better begin now and adjust my aim gradually with every new attempt.

I choose the quickest spell I have in my arsenal, which is a very weak dizziness spell that only slightly disorients you for a few seconds, and then I aim it at the spot where I think Hadrik is about to arrive. I miss my timing by about half a second, and the spell does not activate.

Still, that went much better than I thought it would. After only a few adjustments, I think I should be able to accurately predict where Hadrik is about to go.


[11] 

I decide to accept Hadrik's challenge and to try to beat him at his own game instead of attempting to outsmart him.

As soon as I see him stopping in place for one second, I rush towards him as fast as I can, while readying my quickest spell from my arsenal, which is a very weak dizziness spell that only slightly disorients you for a few moments. Unfortunately, I wasn't fast enough to catch him by surprise, so by the time I reached him, Hadrik was already gone.

I try to catch up to him a few more times, but the result is the same. He is just too quick for me to be able to close in on him, and in the end I am forced to give up the chase.

"Well... at least you tried your best!" Hadrik tells me, as he goes to grab his bottle from the ground, while I'm still breathing hard from all the running.


[12] 



I decide to accept Hadrik's challenge and to try to beat him at his own game instead of attempting to outsmart him.

As soon as I see him stopping in place for one second, I rush towards him as fast as I can, while readying my quickest spell from my arsenal, which is a very weak dizziness spell that only slightly disorients you for a few moments. Hadrik was not expecting me to go on the offensive like this so he didn't react instantly, but even though it took me less than a second to reach him, I still wasn't quick enough to aim my spell at him before he dashed away.

For the next thirty seconds or so, I attempt the same strategy, but now that Hadrik knows what I'm doing, it's much easier for him to give me the slip. In the end, even though I managed to catch up to him a few times, I was never quite fast enough to cast my spell at him before he got away.


[13] 



I decide to accept Hadrik's challenge and to try to beat him at his own game instead of attempting to outsmart him.

As soon as I see him stopping in place for one second, I rush towards him as fast as I can, while readying my quickest spell from my arsenal, which is a very weak dizziness spell that only slightly disorients you for a few moments. Hadrik was not expecting me to go on the offensive like this so he didn't react instantly, which gave me just enough time to aim for him and cast my spell, thanks to my quick reflexes.

Instead of dashing away again, Hadrik just stands there for a few moments and places a hand on his head, probably in order to stop his head from spinning.

"Whoa..." Hadrik says, as he looks at me. "Was that you? Is this a dizziness spell I'm feeling? Oh, the effect is gone already!"


[14] 

"Hey, Hadrik," I say, "you do realize that I'd have a much harder time aiming my spell at you if you were to stand in place instead of running around, right?"

"Hah!" Hadrik says, as he continues to dash all over the place. "Nice try, Barry, but I don't think there's a living being on this plane of existence who would fall for something like that!"

"Damn it, I think you might be right," I say, as I continue to aim my spell at him while he's moving, but never quite manage to get a lock on him.


[15] 

"Hey, Hadrik," I say, "you do realize that I'd have a much harder time aiming my spell at you if you were to stand in place instead of running around, right?"

"Hah!" Hadrik says, as he continues to dash all over the place. "Nice try, Barry, but-- wait, that actually makes perfect sense!"

"No, it doesn't," I tell him as he finally stops in his tracks and I get to cast the quickest spell from my arsenal on him, which is a very weak dizziness spell that only slightly disorients you for a few moments.

As he gets hit by the spell, Hadrik puts his hand on his head for several seconds, likely in an attempt to stop his head from spinning.

"I can't believe it..." Hadrik says, as his dizziness seems to have gone away already. "I knew you had a bluff stat in your device and somehow still fell for it. Well, it won't happen twice in a row. Come on, Barry, tell me to stand in place again. I dare you!"

"Hey, I'm obviously not going to try the same lie twice," I say, "but, come to think of it, I did hear that if you don't move from that spot for more than a minute, you can become twice as strong as you are now."

"Uh-huh," Hadrik says, as I try to cast another spell on him but he dashes away. "That sounds fascinating. Please tell me more!"


[16] "Fine," I say. "You're the teacher."

I then take the appropriate stance and I stretch my arms forward, with my palms facing away from me, doing everything by the book, in order to make sure that Arraka can't blame me for the inevitable failure of this experiment.

So far, the particles are not following the proper direction and are going their own way, despite me doing everything correctly, but this was not unexpected. I've already experienced this before on the ethereal plane and I know how to fix it. All I need to do is follow their direction with my hands, and they will eventually fall back into place.

"That's interesting," Arraka says, as the magical particles from my spell are now rearranging themselves into the correct form. "I would have expected you to try to force the particles back into their proper position instead of following them. Where did you learn this technique from?"

"I learned it from an old hermit," I tell her, offhandedly, as I am still focusing on my spell. "I don't really remember what his name was. I don't think he ever told me, actually..."

"He had skills like this and he lived as a hermit?!" Arraka asks, shocked. "What an incredible waste of talent. If I ever get out of this amulet, he'll be one of the first people that I'll take on as my apprentices. Remind me to ask you for his address if I don't end up killing you by then."


[17] " 'Fire arrow' is not on his list of spells," Arraka says. "That was the whole point of this exercise. I made him cast the easiest spell that couldn't possibly be included in his device, because his stat booster was invented over six hundred years ago and the fire arrow spell was only created a hundred years later. I don't think you understand just how much of a leap forward this is. Until now, Barry was under the impression that casting anything other than the spells included in his device was fundamentally impossible. Now that we've clearly established that he can cast other spells as well, this has opened up an infinite amount of new options for him. With enough practice, he might be able to learn to cast some of the special spells designed by me, and hell, maybe even primordial spells. It's only a matter of time at this point."

"I... didn't realize you two were actually thinking so far ahead," Illuna says, now appearing to have calmed down.

"Well... why wouldn't we?" I say. "We ARE trying to kill a god, aren't we?"

"Yes..." Illuna says. "I suppose we are. And the fact that we seem to be getting realistically closer to this goal makes me doubt my own sanity more and more with every passing day..."

"Hah!" Arraka says. "You ain't seen nothing yet! Stick with me and soon, killing a few gods will feel like an ordinary afternoon!"


[18] "Okay, I think I've made my decision," I say, not paying any mind to Arraka. "I will be testing the frog spell first."

"Sure..." Arraka says. "Just ignore the crazy spirit in the amulet. It's not like she knows what she's talking about, or anything."

"So, are we going to see a demonstration of your new spell, Barry?" Diane asks me. "After all, there is no better opportunity to flaunt your magical skills than in front of an audience!"

"I'm going to need some time to practice before I can show it to anyone," I say, "but if you want to see some magic, I could always cast the flash of light again--"

"NO!" Daren, Kate and Illuna all shout in unison.

"Dear gods, not the light flash again," Kate says. "Haven't you had enough?"


[19] "Okay, I think I've made my decision," I say, not paying any mind to Arraka. "I will be testing the floating dagger spell first."

"Sure..." Arraka says. "Just ignore the crazy spirit in the amulet. It's not like she knows what she's talking about, or anything."

"So, are we going to see a demonstration of your new spell, Barry?" Diane asks me. "After all, there is no better opportunity to flaunt your magical skills than in front of an audience!"

"I'm going to need some time to practice before I can show it to anyone," I say, "but if you want to see some magic, I could always cast the flash of light again--"

"NO!" Daren, Kate and Illuna all shout in unison.

"Dear gods, not the light flash again," Kate says. "Haven't you had enough?"


[20] "Okay, I think I've made my decision," I say, not paying any mind to Arraka. "I will be testing the fireworks spell first."

"Sure..." Arraka says. "Just ignore the crazy spirit in the amulet. It's not like she knows what she's talking about, or anything."

"So, are we going to see a demonstration of your new spell, Barry?" Diane asks me. "After all, there is no better opportunity to flaunt your magical skills than in front of an audience!"

"I'm going to need some time to practice before I can show it to anyone," I say, "but if you want to see some magic, I could always cast the flash of light again--"

"NO!" Daren, Kate and Illuna all shout in unison.

"Dear gods, not the light flash again," Kate says. "Haven't you had enough?"


[21] "Alright, Arraka, you've convinced me," I say. "The first spell I will try out will be an illusion spell of a tiny dunce hat that I can put on top of your amulet."

"First a mustache, and now a dunce hat," Arraka says. "I can see that you are simply brimming with originality."

"Oh, absolutely!" I say. "Want to hear about my other ideas?"

"No, but I know a place where you can shove them if you ever run out of space in that brilliant head of yours," Arraka says.

"So, are we going to see a demonstration of your new spell, Barry?" Diane asks me. "After all, there is no better opportunity to flaunt your magical skills than in front of an audience!"

"I'm going to need some time to practice before I can show it to anyone," I say, "but if you want to see some magic, I could always cast the flash of light again--"

"NO!" Daren, Kate and Illuna all shout in unison.

"Dear gods, not the light flash again," Kate says. "Haven't you had enough?"


[22] "Alright, Arraka, you've convinced me," I say. "The first spell I will try out will be an illusion spell of a tiny dunce hat that I can put on top of your amulet."

"That is a lot of effort you seem to be willing to expend just to mildly annoy me," Arraka says. "Despite its name, the tiny dunce hat illusion you are trying to cast has a much more complicated flow than most spells at that level."

"Well, if casting the spell proves to be too hard for me, I could always just bang my head against your amulet for two hours until it works," I say. "It would be part of my training, so I'm sure you wouldn't mind, right?"

"Hey, if that's how you want to spend the rest of your evening, be my guest," Arraka says. "I will never say no to watching people inflict pain on themselves out of sheer stupidity."

"So, are we going to see a demonstration of your new spell, Barry?" Diane asks me. "After all, there is no better opportunity to flaunt your magical skills than in front of an audience!"

"I'm going to need some time to practice before I can show it to anyone," I say, "but if you want to see some magic, I could always cast the flash of light again--"

"NO!" Daren, Kate and Illuna all shout in unison.

"Dear gods, not the light flash again," Kate says. "Haven't you had enough?"


[23] "Wolford's daze," Kate says. "It is widely considered to be simultaneously the strongest and weakest dizziness spell that exists. There is essentially no magical counter or protection against it, but its effects can easily be rendered useless through non-magical means. All you need to do is focus your eyes on three different places in front of you within the span of five seconds and the spell will be canceled, but if you don't do that, you will get a headache the likes of which you've probably never had the pleasure to experience in your lifetime. The main drawback is that the spell is incredibly difficult to learn, and most people won't bother to spend so much time practicing something that can so easily be countered by a regular person with no magic, just by looking around a little."

"You know..." I say. "It would really help me out if you guys allowed me to cast some of these targeted spells on you once or twice, just so I could get a feel of how they work before using them in combat. I know you don't really like the idea, but--"

"I'm sorry, Barry," Kate says. "I know you mean no harm, and I value your friendship, but simply the thought of being experimented on again after what I went through at the Beacon as a child is-- I'm just not very keen on repeating that experience."

"No, no, that's totally understandable," I say. "My bad. I should have thought about this before making that request."


[24] "I'd rather not use so much magical energy just for a training exercise," Kate says. "What if we get attacked?"

"Your energy recovery rate is faster than anyone in the group," Arraka says. "What are you even complaining about? I bet you can recover that much energy in five minutes, if you just lie down and rest for a little while. Now stop whining and do it. This is important."

"Fine," Kate says, as she picks up her scepter from the ground and points it at the rock. "I'll give it a shot."

"Oh, and one more thing," Arraka says. "Try to shorten the casting time for your spell as much as you can. We wouldn't want to give your enemy too much of an opportunity to react and get away from your line of attack."

"Oh yeah, that rock will never know what hit it!" Hadrik jokes, as he takes another drink of ale.

"I understand," Kate responds, and then she begins gathering an immense amount of energy at the tip of her scepter.

Not even two seconds later, a beam of ice shoots out of the scepter, but the power behind it could only be compared with the flame breath that we saw Tyrath use five thousand years ago when he was still in his prime. Needless to say, the rock never stood a chance against such an attack, but even the air around us has gotten as cold as on a winter day. As we are all looking at Kate, shocked, Arraka begins to laugh very loudly, in three voices at once.


[25] "Will we be able to use the same strategy against the God of Time?"

"Of course not," Arraka says. "The God of Time's body when he manifests on the earthen plane is essentially made of blue light. Have you ever tried freezing light before?"

"No, but I've never seen light taking the shape of a humanoid body before either," I say. "I figured that an ice beam this powerful might have some sort of effect on it."

"Well, you figured wrong," Arraka says. "As I've said before, sharpening the auras around your elements is our best bet against him, along with Daren's sword and maybe Hadrik's aura hardening when he uses it on his fists, although I'm not completely sure about that one. Other than that, some of the spells that I invented could also help, but it will depend on whether you manage to learn them or not."

"Gods be damned..." Hadrik says, out of the blue. "You said you had 'one last thing' to test before calling it a day, but you're still not done talking. Can we not enjoy ourselves for one hour without thinking about our training?"


[26] "So, I'm guessing that we will only have one chance to make this work?"

"Precisely," Arraka answers me. "It should work properly the first time, because she'd never expect a group of weaklings like you to have such a powerful attack, but once she gets to see it, she'll be on her guard and it will be considerably more difficult to hit her with it. This attack shouldn't be used unless we get a very good opportunity, because otherwise we'd just be wasting it."

"Gods be damned..." Hadrik says, out of the blue. "You said you had 'one last thing' to test before calling it a day, but you're still not done talking. Can we not enjoy ourselves for one hour without thinking about our training?"


[27] "I'm not sure if I should be relieved or worried that you feel comfortable joking about this," I tell her, as I temporarily turn my back to her to put my backpack on the ground and get my notebook out of it.

All of a sudden, I feel a light slap to the back of my head, coming from Diane.

"When someone jokes about a painful event from their past, it is common courtesy to respond with a joke as well, in order to not make things awkward," Diane tells me. "Now, let's try that one more time!"

"Umm... could you maybe repeat the joke again?" I tell her. "I think my memory might have gotten slightly hazy after that head slap."

Hearing what I had to say, Diane lets out a short snort of laughter before she answers me.

"Okay, that wasn't exactly the retort I was expecting," she says, "but you made me laugh a little, so I'll let you off with a stern warning for now."

"You have my thanks!" I say, as I take a bow.

"So... what spell are you planning to start with, then?" Diane asks me.


[28] "That's reassuring, because my next spell does have an unusually high mortality rate," I tell her, as I put my backpack on the ground and take my notebook out of it. 

Hearing what I had to say, Diane lets out a short snort of laughter before she answers me.

"Sorry," Diane says. "I wasn't trying to laugh at you or anything, it's just that I wasn't expecting you to actually answer me with a joke of your own. The lessathi I work with tend to just ignore all of my jokes, and Kate would have probably gotten worried for my sake if she heard me joke about my past trauma like that, so I appreciate your attempt at not ruining the mood!"

"You're welcome!" I say.

"So... what spell are you planning to start with, then?" Diane asks me.


[29] "I actually wasn't planning on using any painful spells, but that's good to know," I tell her, as I put my backpack on the ground and take my notebook out of it.

"No painful spells?" Diane asks, surprised. "Not even a little bit? But I thought these were all spells that you're planning to use on your enemies."

"At my current level of magical power, most spells that inflict pain on others would be generally worthless," I say. "That's why for now, my focus needs to be on spells that either disorient my adversaries or affect their senses in some way, because that type of magic usually has some degree of utility no matter how weak the spell is."

"Oh, I see," Diane says. "That does make sense! So... what spell are you planning to start with, then?"


[30] I continue to test my spells on Diane for about half an hour or so, until I've cast most of my useful targeted spells at least once. The dizziness spell seemed to work fine once Diane removed her protection, and she got a small headache for a few seconds, as expected. Other than that, we also tested a few illusion spells, a suggestion spell and several other spells designed primarily to distract or disorient my enemies.

From beginning to end, Diane has followed my instructions perfectly, without complaints of any kind. She has also kept her same playful and outgoing demeanor this whole time, although sometimes it is hard to know what she is really thinking. Unlike Kate, who will often say exactly what is on her mind, no matter how blunt or disrespectful, Diane is more the type who will try to smooth things over with a joke of some kind. However, she can also be very straightforward, impulsive and even hotheaded, depending on the situation.

If I were to take an educated guess based on what I've seen of her so far compared to how she used to act as a child during the God of Time's ritual, I'd say that the more diplomatic side of her personality is likely a result of Meridith's upbringing, whereas her occasional straightforwardness and impulsive attitude are probably traits that she used to have when she was a kid, but is now trying to suppress, because she considers them to be unwanted flaws of her personality.


[31] "Actually," I say, "I think that one of the main reasons why Hadrik is always having his guard up around you might be because you are simply trying too hard to be friends with everyone, and that is making things a little awkward. Maybe you could try... letting things progress more naturally?... There really is no problem if you don't instantly become friends with everyone in the group after only two days of travelling."

"You know what, Barry?" Diane says. "Maybe you're right. Now that you mention it, maybe I have been trying a little too hard to compensate for my bad first impression. I think I'll try to back off a little for the next few days, and leave him some room to breathe. Like you said, it's not a tragedy if I can't suddenly be friends with everyone, right?"

"Exactly," I say. "But hey, if you really need a friend that will always listen to you and help you in your time of need, you could always try Arraka. I'm sure she would love your company!"


[32] "Well... I know that he likes to play Met-Zek," I say. "Maybe you could invite him to play a match with you and see where things go from there."

"Met-Zek, huh?..." Diane says. "It's been a while since I've played it, but i think I still remember the rules. Maybe I'll give it a try!"

"That's the spirit!" I say. "And hey, if things don't work out with Hadrik, you could always try Arraka! One might not be able to tell this at first glance, but she is the type of person who always listens to you and who will help you in your time of need. I'm sure she would love your company!"


[33] "Hey, there, Kate!" I say, as I get closer to her. "How goes your training?"

"It's going the same as always," Kate tells me, as she shoots a few more icicles at her targets. "Why do you ask?"

"Same as always, huh?..." I say. "So, you're saying that conjuring your icicles in the exact same place over and over was a part of your regular routine, then?"

Just as I finished my sentence, Kate was about to instinctively summon her icicles in the same spot again, but then she waved her hand in the air and made them appear in different places instead.

"I... didn't realize that I was doing that," Kate admits to me. "Since when did you notice this change?"

"Hmm..." I tell her. "I'd say it started maybe yesterday in the afternoon? I've seen you do it in three separate training sessions by now."

"I see," Kate says, simply.

"So, are you going to tell me what's wrong?" I ask her. "I don't think I've ever seen you space out like this during your training, so I'm guessing it has to be something pretty serious. Was it something Diane said?"

"No, it's not that, it's-- nothing that you should concern yourself with," Kate says, apprehensively. "I'll be fine."


[34] "What if you were to ask Meridith for a special invitation to Varathia, so that you could come back here whenever you wanted?" I say. "Surely, as the leader of the lessathi, she should have enough influence to obtain something like this for you, right? And then you could decide for yourself how much time you want to spend in Varathia, without feeling like you will be trapped here for the rest of your life because of Diane."

"That is... actually not a bad idea," Kate tells me. "I'll try to suggest this to Diane, whenever the subject will come up. Maybe we can work something out."

She pauses for a few brief moments before continuing.

"Thank you..." she tells me, after a while. "This conversation with you ended up helping me more than I thought it would. I know that I can be a little hard to deal with a lot of the time, but I wanted to tell you that I appreciate you sticking by me and remaining my friend despite that fact."


[35] On second thought, it might be better to leave Kate alone for now. She'd probably prefer some peace and quiet, so she can better focus on her own thoughts. I should go practice my spell combinations while I still have time.

I walk past Kate and find a place that is secluded enough for me to be able to practice my magic without being worried about hitting anyone by accident. After several more failed experiments, I realize that this is going to be more difficult than I initially thought, so I decide to just try the simplest possible combination that comes to my mind, and work my way up from there.


[36] On my way there, I pass by Diane, who was apparently still in a discussion with Arraka, ever since she was done helping me with testing my spells. Now that I think about it, I may have seen her talking with Arraka once or twice before, and for some reason, they seem to actually be getting along quite well. I wonder if there's something I'm missing, here...

"Can I ask you one question?" Diane says to Arraka, as I've now stopped in my tracks to listen to their conversation. "What's it like in the magical plane? I keep hearing you talk about it, but I don't really have any real world examples to compare it to, and it's a bit difficult to fill the gaps just with my imagination."

"Hmm..." Arraka says. "You're an ethereal, right? Well, the magical plane actually feels pretty similar to the ether on the ethereal plane, except instead of an endless plane of light, it's an endless plane of magical energy, if that makes any sense to you. I'm not sure if I can explain it any more clearly than this to someone who hasn't actually experienced it."

"No, no, that is actually a really good explanation!" Diane says. "I'm glad we had this talk. Anyway, it's getting late, so I think I'll be signing off for the night."

"Yes, yes, certainly!" Arraka says, in an uncharacteristically pleasant voice. "Just one last question, if you would be so kind. What color is the sky right now?"

"The sky?" Diane asks, with a smile, as she takes a quick look at the dark sky above us. "Why, it's bright pink, of course! Just like any other day!"


[37] "I think you're delusional. If you haven't beaten her by now you don't stand a chance."

"Perhaps," Arraka says. "Perhaps not. We will see."

"That's an... unusually calm and collected answer, coming from you," I tell Arraka.

"Why wouldn't I be calm about this?" Arraka says. "At the end of the day, it's only a game that I'm occupying my free time with. It matters little to me if I win it or lose it, and it's not like I'm actually interested to know whether she's lying to me or not. I'm just doing it for the challenge."

"I suppose that makes sense," I say. "Alright, well, I guess I'll be off to my night shift, then. Later!"

"Mhm," Arraka says.

"See you later, Barry!" Flower tells me.

I wave goodbye to Flower, and then I go directly to the spot in the woods where Daren and I agreed to meet. We chose a place where we would be close enough to our camp to detect any incoming enemies with our magical sense, but also far enough away from everyone to not wake them up with the sound of our voices.


[38] "So, what's your plan to win this game, then?"

"I already told you my plan," Arraka says. "I am going to keep studying her aura whenever she talks to me, and once she makes a mistake of some kind, I'll be sure to take full advantage of it. Until then, I will remain patient."

"But what if she doesn't make any mistakes?" I ask her.

"Nobody is perfect," Arraka says. "Diane may be an ethereal, but she is young and overconfident in her abilities. Also, unlike the rest of you, who saw me at my full power both in this world and in the past and thus know what I'm capable of, Diane only knows me as a spirit inside an amulet. She might be aware of who I am in theory, but she's clearly not taking me seriously. At one point she is bound to let her guard down around me, and that is when I will win."

"Right," I say. "Well, I guess I'll be off to my night shift, then. Later!"

"Mhm," Arraka says.

"See you later, Barry!" Flower tells me.

I wave goodbye to Flower, and then I go directly to the spot in the woods where Daren and I agreed to meet. We chose a place where we would be close enough to our camp to detect any incoming enemies with our magical sense, but also far enough away from everyone to not wake them up with the sound of our voices.


[39] "Have you tried making her lose control over her emotions?"

"No, that wouldn't help me in the slightest," Arraka says.

"Why not?" I ask her. "She should have a harder time controlling her aura if she's not completely calm, shouldn't she?"

"The whole point of her aura technique is to make the flow of her aura so erratic that it is impossible to tell whether she is in control of her emotions or not," Arraka says. "At least when she is calm, I know that she is faking it for the most part, so I can try to find a pattern within her aura flows. Making her lose her cool would actually make it harder for me to tell which of the disruptions in her flow are fake and which of them are not."

"Well, you seem to know what you are doing, so I guess I'll leave you to it and be off to my night shift, then," I say. "Later!"

"Mhm," Arraka says.

"See you later, Barry!" Flower tells me.

I wave goodbye to Flower, and then I go directly to the spot in the woods where Daren and I agreed to meet. We chose a place where we would be close enough to our camp to detect any incoming enemies with our magical sense, but also far enough away from everyone to not wake them up with the sound of our voices.


[40] "Wow, Barry, I guess Leila was right..." Daren says, after I finish telling him about one of my adventures. "You HAVE been holding out on us this whole time. How many more of these wild stories do you still have, anyway?"

"I wouldn't really call any of them 'wild'," I tell him. "Most of the stuff I told you about was just odd jobs that I did here and there so that I could continue to fund my research for becoming a mage. These are not exactly the kinds of things that people would write books about, like any of your achievements for instance."

"Well maybe they should write books about them!" Daren says. "This is some exciting stuff! I'm serious! You really had me by the edge of my seat with some of those stories. I swear, I have no idea if all these people you've met in your life were crazy before they met you or if they slowly turned insane after spending too much time with you, but it's amazing how many likeminded people you've encountered on your path until now. I think the one I'm most surprised of has to be Brinhorn. He always seemed like a man with a good head on his shoulders. How in the gods' names did you manage to rope him into this madness?"


[41] "Speaking of impossible goals," Daren says, "have you given any more thought to Meridith's request of us helping her kill Eiden?"

"I don't know..." I say. "Is there really anything to think about? I'd say it's in our best interest to talk about this as little as possible. As long as we haven't reached a conclusion, Eiden is a lot less likely to come looking for a fight with us."

"But have you considered it, though?..." Daren asks me, apprehensively.


[42] "Didn't he already destroy an entire city? I'd say it's a little late for regrets."

"I don't condone what he has done," Daren says. "But if he could truly change, and use his powers for good once more, there is so much that he could do to help other people! Wouldn't it be better for everyone if he spent the rest of his life trying to fix his mistakes, than if he were to just be executed?"

"But is there really a guarantee that he wouldn't give up again?" I say. "Maybe not now, but in a few years from now?"

"At least while we're still alive, we could be there to steer him on the right path," Daren says. "It feels like such a waste for him to have so much power and not make use of it to improve people's lives. Especially now that I know he has the potential to change, due to his regrets."

"Regrets or no regrets, there is still the fact that his actions will cause the destruction of all the Varathian cities," I say. "He admitted it himself. It's only natural that the lessathi and the kings of Varathia would want to defend themselves from him."

"But Eiden would only be destroying the cities because of his inevitable upcoming fight against Tyrath, right?" Daren says. "In that case, don't you think it would be a better idea to stop Tyrath rather than Eiden?"


[43] "Wow, you were right. This does sound weird, coming from you."

"Yeah, I never thought I'd hear myself saying these things, to be honest," Daren tells me. "I used to be so certain that Eiden was an irredeemable monster that should not be allowed to live, and now I'm sitting here, thinking of how much potential for good there would be if he were to change. Can you imagine how many people he could help with that much power?"

"It doesn't seem like helping people worked out very well for him the first time he tried it," I tell Daren.

"Yes, but if he still has regrets about giving up, maybe it isn't too late," Daren says. "Maybe he could take on the mantle of Creator once again, and do better this time!"

"I think you're forgetting that the kings of pretty much all the cities except for Thilias and Ollendor want Eiden dead," I say. "Which is only natural, considering that Eiden himself admitted to us that his actions will cause the destruction of the cities of Varathia. The kings are in contact with Meridith, who knows about the prophecy from the Magium fragment, so they must know of it as well."

"But Eiden would only be destroying the cities because of his inevitable upcoming fight against Tyrath, right?" Daren says. "In that case, don't you think it would be a better idea to stop Tyrath rather than Eiden?"


[44] "Actually, now that I think about it, I suppose I'm a little bit conflicted too," I say. "There is no guarantee that Eiden can't change his mind and return to the way he used to be when he first founded the civilization of Varathia. He's certainly shown signs that he wants to at least give us a chance to succeed where he couldn't."

"Yes, exactly," Daren says. "And if he were to truly change back to the old Eiden, can you imagine how much potential for good there would be? Think of how many people he could help with all that power!"

"He might," I say, "but let's also not forget that Eiden admitted himself that his actions would cause the destruction of the Varathian cities. Almost all of the kings are currently plotting to assassinate him, likely for this very reason, so even in the best case scenario, I doubt that any of these cities would welcome him with open arms if he said that he wanted to resume his position as Creator."

"But Eiden would only be destroying the cities because of his inevitable upcoming fight against Tyrath, right?" Daren says. "In that case, don't you think it would be a better idea to stop Tyrath rather than Eiden?"


[45] "No other complications aside from actually getting access to one of the nodes, you mean..." I say. "The tournament organizers are clearly not planning to let us use one even if we win, so our only choices will be to either take Meridith's deal, or seize control of another node and obtain the tools needed to decipher the knowledge from it. Still, this is a much, much better situation for us than the one we were in a week ago. At least now we know that the prize we were looking for exists, and there is a way to use it. As long as we know it can be used, we'll find some way to access it, with or without Meridith's help."

"I like your spirit!" Daren says. "Yes, I was thinking the same thing. Maybe we should ask Arraka or Illuna if they know the locations of any other Magium nodes. They definitely seemed like they interacted with at least one of them before, so there has to be some way to get to them."

"Absolutely!" I say. "We'll ask them first thing in the morning. And with that said, I think it might be time to go wake up Kate and Diane so they can begin the second night shift. I could use some sleep!"

"Alright, then," Daren says. "Let's gather up these playing cards first, and then we can go."

After we put all of the cards back in the deck, we wake up Kate and Diane, and we go directly to our tents, so we can at least get a few hours of uninterrupted sleep for the night. The next morning, we are awakened by the very distinct smell of roasted wyvern, which should normally be a delicacy served only to royalty, but Flower seems to have no trouble conjuring it in large quantities without expending too much energy. 


[46] Oh, and I almost forgot about Rose. We've been having pretty much daily discussions with her too, especially during our briefings with Arraka, who is very interested to know about every little advancement concerning Rose's control over her time powers. At the moment, she is capable of stopping time for at most fifteen seconds, and it tires her out rather quickly, but she has mastered the ability to keep time unfrozen for us, even when we are so far away from her, as long as she can focus on the sound of our voices coming from the transceiver. She told us that she also managed to slow down time, but this is an effect that unlike her time stopping powers, seems to affect only a certain area rather than the whole world, so she can't do it for us from a distance.

"Hey, Illuna, would you mind if I asked you a question?" I say, once we've all gathered together and began eating.

"If it's about the slightly burnt taste of the wyvern meat, you should know that I had nothing to do with it," Illuna tells me.

"No, actually it's about the Magium nodes," I say. "From what I have gathered so far, it seems like you and Arraka have interacted with one of the nodes in the past, but I was under the impression that each of these nodes is being closely guarded by the major faction from Varathia that owns it. Can you tell us which was the node you used, or is this also a secret that you are not allowed to tell us?"


[47] "Hey, Illuna, would you mind if I asked you a question?" I say, once we've all gathered together and began eating.

"If it's about the slightly burnt taste of the wyvern meat, you should know that I had nothing to do with it," Illuna tells me.

"No, actually it's about the Magium nodes," I say. "From what I have gathered so far, it seems like you and Arraka have interacted with one of the nodes in the past, but I was under the impression that each of these nodes is being closely guarded by the major faction from Varathia that owns it. Can you tell us which was the node you used, or is this also a secret that you are not allowed to tell us?"


[48] "To be perfectly honest, I don't have any strong feelings about this deal either way," Diane says, while shrugging. "Actually, if I were to lean towards one option, I'd probably prefer it if you guys didn't accept her offer, because I'd rather not see Kate risking her life fighting against Eiden, but don't tell Meridith I said that!"

"You know..." Illuna says. "It would be much easier to believe you when you say things like this if you didn't obscure your aura all the time to prevent anyone from knowing if you were lying or not..."

"I'm not doing it on purpose!" Diane says. "You can't reliably use this technique unless it becomes second nature to you. If I stop doing it at any time, it will be extremely difficult to 'turn it back on', and with the way Eiden likes to pop in unannounced with his continent-wide teleportation, that is a risk I can't afford to take!"


[49] "Actually, I would never use such a technique even if I had it!"

"Of course not," Hadrik says, jokingly. "You would have no need for it. You already have your bluff stat for that!"

"Exactly!" I say. "And between you and me, I'd say that my bluff stat is definitely superior, when it comes to avoiding lie detection."

"Is that so?" Diane says, with a playful smile. "Then maybe we should have a lying contest one of these days, to truly see which technique is better."

"Any time!" I tell her.


[50] "Actually, I would never use such a technique even if I had it!"

"Of course not," Hadrik says, jokingly. "You would have no need for it. You already have your bluff stat for that!"

"To be fair, Barry didn't really put any points in his bluff stat yet, as far as I know," Daren says, "so it can be said that he did have access to such a technique and chose not to use it."

"Exactly!" I say. "I could never tell a lie. 'Sincere' is my middle name."

"Your middle name?" Diane asks me. "I thought you only had one name."

"You must have me confused with some of the other thousands of Barrys that you've met before me," I say. "My full name is actually Barry 'Sincere' the Reckless."

"My apologies, then," Diane says, with a smile. "I'll make sure to remember that, Mr. Sincere, the Reckless."


[51] "I agree with Kate. There would be nothing wrong with you wanting some privacy."

"I'm glad to see that you're all taking this a lot better than I was expecting," Diane says. "For what it's worth, I was aware that this technique of mine could cause some of you to become suspicious, so I've been trying my best to be as open with you as I can and to not hide anything from you. I hope that my efforts have not been in vain!"


[52] "You're not drinking any ale today, Hadrik?" Daren says, as Illuna is busy following Arraka's indications while washing the dishes. "That's certainly unusual!"

"Ugh..." Hadrik says. "Don't remind me. I've been having a headache all morning because of the hangover."

"But why today of all days?" Daren asks. "Is there some special occasion?"

"Yeah," Hadrik says. "The special occasion of Barry having tested a dizziness spell on me yesterday. I don't know if it's an allergic reaction or something, but there are certain dizziness spells that can cause me to become nauseous at the mere smell of any type of alcohol. The effects usually tend to truly set in the next day after the spell has been cast on me, and they normally last until late in the evening."

"Oh, damn..." I say. "Sorry about that. I would have chosen a different type of spell if I had known that this was such a problem for you."

"It's fine," Hadrik says. "I never really bothered telling anyone about this, so there would have been no way for you to know. Anyway, Daren, since I can't drink today, would you mind having a short sparring session with me so I can at least unload some of my frustration? We'll try to end it when Illuna is done practicing her spell with Arraka."


[53] Realizing that Illuna and Arraka are probably going to be busy for a while longer, the rest of us go to pack our tents and get ready to resume our journey. By the time we are done, Illuna has also finished washing the plates, so we put them all in Hadrik's backpack and then go on our way, heading in the direction of the nearest sacred forest.

According to Diane, if we keep up our usual pace, we should get there at some point in the afternoon. We still haven't decided exactly what we are planning to do if the fox happens to catch us on her territory again while we're looking for pinecones, but I suppose when we have so many strong enemies already, adding one more to the list shouldn't make much of a difference.

On our way to our destination, I noticed that Diane was being a lot less insistent on trying to be friends with everyone. As a result, she would act more naturally, which in turn also allowed Hadrik and Daren to be a little more relaxed in their conversations with her. It's nice to see that my advice is working out for her. Maybe it was a good idea to talk to her about this after all.

"Oh gods!" Flower exclaims, not even an hour after our departure, as she points excitedly at some very mundane-looking rock. "Barry, do you see that? It's a cloakshield rock! A cloakshield rock, Barry!"


[54] Realizing that Illuna and Arraka are probably going to be busy for a while longer, the rest of us go to pack our tents and get ready to resume our journey. By the time we are done, Illuna has also finished washing the plates, so we put them all in Hadrik's backpack and then go on our way, heading in the direction of the nearest sacred forest.

According to Diane, if we keep up our usual pace, we should get there at some point in the afternoon. We still haven't decided exactly what we are planning to do if the fox happens to catch us on her territory again while we're looking for pinecones, but I suppose when we have so many strong enemies already, adding one more to the list shouldn't make much of a difference.

On our way to our destination, I noticed that Diane was trying even harder than usual to be friends with everyone, probably because she was feeling bad about the whole situation with her obscuring her aura, and wanted to compensate for it. However, as expected, this only increased the suspicions of Daren and Hadrik, making most of their conversations appear very forced and unnatural. Unfortunately for her, things will likely not improve much between her and the others as long as she doesn't realize that she is sabotaging herself by acting overly-friendly like this.

"Oh gods!" Flower exclaims, not even an hour after our departure, as she points excitedly at some very mundane-looking rock. "Barry, do you see that? It's a cloakshield rock! A cloakshield rock, Barry!"


[55] Once Illuna is done with the plates, we put them all in Hadrik's backpack, then go to finish dismantling our tents. We leave ten minutes later, heading in the direction of the nearest sacred forest.

According to Diane, if we keep up our usual pace, we should get there at some point in the afternoon. We still haven't decided exactly what we are planning to do if the fox happens to catch us on her territory again while we're looking for pinecones, but I suppose when we have so many strong enemies already, adding one more to the list shouldn't make much of a difference.

On our way to our destination, I noticed that Diane was being a lot less insistent on trying to be friends with everyone. As a result, she would act more naturally, which in turn also allowed Hadrik and Daren to be a little more relaxed in their conversations with her. It's nice to see that my advice is working out for her. Maybe it was a good idea to talk to her about this after all.

"Oh gods!" Flower exclaims, not even an hour after our departure, as she points excitedly at some very mundane-looking rock. "Barry, do you see that? It's a cloakshield rock! A cloakshield rock, Barry!"


[56] Once Illuna is done with the plates, we put them all in Hadrik's backpack, then go to finish dismantling our tents. We leave ten minutes later, heading in the direction of the nearest sacred forest.

According to Diane, if we keep up our usual pace, we should get there at some point in the afternoon. We still haven't decided exactly what we are planning to do if the fox happens to catch us on her territory again while we're looking for pinecones, but I suppose when we have so many strong enemies already, adding one more to the list shouldn't make much of a difference.

On our way to our destination, I noticed that Diane was trying even harder than usual to be friends with everyone, probably because she was feeling bad about the whole situation with her obscuring her aura, and wanted to compensate for it. However, as expected, this only increased the suspicions of Daren and Hadrik, making most of their conversations appear very forced and unnatural. Unfortunately for her, things will likely not improve much between her and the others as long as she doesn't realize that she is sabotaging herself by acting overly-friendly like this.

"Oh gods!" Flower exclaims, not even an hour after our departure, as she points excitedly at some very mundane-looking rock. "Barry, do you see that? It's a cloakshield rock! A cloakshield rock, Barry!"


[57] 