
[1] 

[2] "You mean... like me and Flower?" Illuna asks, perplexed. "But... why? What could you possibly have to gain from doing something like this on purpose? I thought you hated it when you got fused with Therius by accident."

"I did," Arraka says. "But you see, the thing is that if I ever do escape from my amulet again, for whatever reason, I can't afford to take over Flower's body the same way as last time, because then you'd both essentially be dead, everyone would attack me to avenge you again, and I'd be forced to murder them all, for good this time."

"And why exactly would that be a problem for you?..." Illuna asks, still just as confused as before. "You've already killed us once. Why not just do it again?"

"Because then my whole plan to use you all to take my vengeance upon the gods would be ruined!" Arraka shouts. "I'm not going to get another opportunity like this in a million years! Where else do you think I'm going to find another clown troupe that has a personal beef with one of the gods and has a minimal chance of killing them with my guidance? You think I want to go back to my boring old plan of just killing them myself after I came up with a genius idea like this?"


[3] I've also tried out quite a few combinations of spells that I'd discovered while doing research with Brinhorn back in the days, but some of these turned out to be trickier than I thought. Unsurprisingly, it turns out that it's much easier to theorize on the effects of a spell combination than to actually manage to use it in practice. Combining spells is a really advanced technique, after all, and the stat device doesn't really have any built-in features to help me with this, since it was designed to cast the spells separately.


[4] "Well?" Hadrik says. "What are you waiting for? Give me your best shot!"

Just as I am about to cast one of my spells, Hadrik dashes away at an incredibly high speed, making it impossible for me to target him.

"Too slow, Barry!" Hadrik says. "Too slow."

"Didn't you say you were going to help me?..." I ask him, confused.

"I am helping you!" Hadrik says. "You think your enemies are just going to stand in place and politely ask you to cast your spells on them? It's much more realistic this way. Plus, I get to have more fun!"


[5] I remember Arraka saying that Daren was using the flow of Hadrik's aura to predict his movements when they were dueling. It might be difficult for me to do the same thing, considering that I didn't get any aura training from Arraka, but maybe I can supplement some of her training with the stats from my device?

If not, then I suppose I could always try the brute force approach, by using my speed to close in on Hadrik and my reflexes to cast a spell at him before he dashes away. As long as I'm close enough, it should be easier to target him.

Or... I could just try to bluff him.


[6] "Wait, at least let me cast one spell!" I tell him.

"Some other time, Barry," Hadrik says, and then he takes his leave.

Realizing that I won't get any more help from him, I decide to pull out my notebook again and to go back to cataloguing my available spells.


[7] "Well, Barry, your minute is up," Hadrik says. "Maybe try a little harder next time, aye?"

"Wait, at least let me cast one spell!" I tell him.

"Some other time, Barry," Hadrik says, and then he takes his leave.

Realizing that I won't get any more help from him, I decide to pull out my notebook again and to go back to cataloguing my available spells.


[8] It takes me two more tries, but on the third attempt I manage to calculate Hadrik's exact position in advance, and I hit him straight on with my dizziness spell, which makes him actually stop in his tracks and place his hand on his head for a few moments.

"Whoa..." Hadrik says, as he looks at me. "Was that you? Is this a dizziness spell I'm feeling? Oh, the effect is gone already!"

"Yes, well, it's probably the weakest dizziness spell that exists, so it's not exactly very useful," I say, "but at least I was finally able to cast a targeted spell at someone, so from my point of view this experiment was a success!"

"Hey, in that case, I'm glad I could help!" Hadrik says, as he goes to pick up his bottle from the ground.

"Leaving already?" I say, with a hint of disappointment in my voice.

"Yeah, I'd say that was enough fun for one evening," Hadrik says. "If you're really in need of more experimenting, maybe we can find an orc patrol tomorrow or something for you to work with. They shouldn't be that hard to find, considering that Tyrath seems to have declared war on literally the whole of Varathia."

"I suppose..." I say.

"Alright, see you later, Barry!" Hadrik tells me, and then he leaves.

"Later," I say, simply, and then I pull out my notebook again, so I can get back to cataloguing my available spells.


[9] "Well... at least you tried your best!" Hadrik tells me, as he goes to grab his bottle from the ground, while I'm still breathing hard from all the running.

"Hold on," I say to him. "I know I can do it if I try a bit harder!"

"Sorry, Barry, but your minute is up," Hadrik says. "Better luck next time, aye?"

As I watch Hadrik leave, I realize that I won't get any more help from him, so I decide to pull out my notebook again and to go back to cataloguing my available spells.


[10] "Hold on," I say to him. "I know I can do it if I try a bit harder!"

"Sorry, Barry, but your minute is up," Hadrik says. "Better luck next time, aye?"

As I watch Hadrik leave, I realize that I won't get any more help from him, so I decide to pull out my notebook again and to go back to cataloguing my available spells.


[11] "Hey, that was quite the chase!" Hadrik tells me, as he goes to grab his bottle from the ground, while I'm still breathing hard from all the running. "I almost thought you were gonna make it there, for a second!"

"Hold on," I say to him. "I know I can do it if I try a bit harder!"

"Sorry, Barry, but your minute is up," Hadrik says. "Better luck next time, aye?"

As I watch Hadrik leave, I realize that I won't get any more help from him, so I decide to pull out my notebook again and to go back to cataloguing my available spells.


[12] "Yes, well, it's probably the weakest dizziness spell that exists, so it's not exactly very useful," I say, "but at least I was finally able to cast a targeted spell at someone, so from my point of view this experiment was a success!"

"Hey, in that case, I'm glad I could help!" Hadrik says, as he goes to pick up his bottle from the ground.

"Leaving already?" I say, with a hint of disappointment in my voice.

"Yeah, I'd say that was enough fun for one evening," Hadrik says. "If you're really in need of more experimenting, maybe we can find an orc patrol tomorrow or something for you to work with. They shouldn't be that hard to find, considering that Tyrath seems to have declared war on literally the whole of Varathia."

"I suppose..." I say.

"Alright, see you later, Barry!" Hadrik tells me, and then he leaves.

"Later," I say, simply, and then I pull out my notebook again, so I can get back to cataloguing my available spells.


[13] "Well... at least you tried your best!" Hadrik tells me after about thirty more seconds of my failed attempts to cast a spell at him, as he goes to grab his bottle from the ground.

"Wait, at least let me cast one spell!" I tell him.

"Some other time, Barry," Hadrik says, and then he takes his leave.

Realizing that I won't get any more help from him, I decide to pull out my notebook again and to go back to cataloguing my available spells.


[14] "Didn't you hear?" I tell him, as I keep trying to aim for him while he is constantly moving. "The invisible fairies of the woods have put a curse on this place so that anyone who runs too much will lose their eyesight forever!"

"That's perfectly fine!" Hadrik says, with a grin, as he continues to move around just as fast as before. "I always thought it was a bit unfair for me to be able to see my surroundings while Eiden always kept his eyes closed, so at least now we can finally have a fair match!"

"Stop trying to bluff him, you dope!" Arraka shouts at me, from a distance. "That trick of yours only works when you have the element of surprise on your side. He obviously knows you're trying to lie to him, so he's not going to fall for it anymore! Now stop messing around and practice your spells, already. You're making me lose my focus!"

"Well, you heard the boss!" Hadrik says, as he goes to grab his bottle from the ground. "That's enough messing around for one evening."

"Wait, at least let me cast one more spell!" I tell him.

"Some other time, Barry," Hadrik says, and then he takes his leave.

Realizing that I won't get any more help from him, I decide to pull out my notebook again and to go back to cataloguing my available spells.


[15] "Yeah, sure," I say, as I'm still casting the same spell. "So, can I cancel the spell now, or do I still need to keep this up for another-- whoa..."

While I was talking, a ridiculously small arrow made out of fire shot out of my hands and went straight for the tree that I was targeting. The flaming projectile hit the tree head on, but the intensity of it was so low that it barely made a scorch mark on the tree's bark before getting extinguished completely.

"Hahahaha, it worked!" I say, excitedly. "I can't believe it actually worked! You're a genius!"

"Of course I'm a genius!" Arraka says. "Did you seriously expect anything less from the spirit who killed half of the gods on the magical plane?"

"I swear I'll never doubt you again!" I say. "Wow, I'm still in shock. This is simply unbelievable!"

"No..." Illuna says, looking at me as if I'd gone completely mad. "What is unbelievable is that the two of you are getting excited over a fire spell that couldn't even burn the bark of a tree. Two whole days of following Arraka's nonsensical instructions and this is the result? How can you not see that she is making a fool out of you?"

"Why would she be making a fool out of me?" I ask Illuna, confused. "Every part of her training so far has made perfect sense."


[16] "Hey, Hadrik!" I tell the dwarf as he is passing by us, looking just as puzzled as Illuna was in the beginning. "Pour me a glass of ale, would you? I just cast my first fire arrow! See that scorch mark over there on the tree? That was me! Hahahaha!"

"Uhm... good for you, man!" Hadrik says, as he pats me on the back, very unconvinced. "Good for you!"

Soon after Hadrik takes out the glass, Diane joins us as well, and then Kate and Daren also head over to us to see what the commotion was all about. It took me some time to explain to them why casting this insignificant spell was such a big deal for me, and to convince them that I hadn't completely taken leave of my senses when I agreed to smash my head against a tree for a whole hour, but once I cleared up everything, we all sat down in a circle and enjoyed the rest of our evening, taking a brief rest from all of our trainings.

"So, Barry, now that you can cast any spell you want, without any limitations, what are you planning to try next?" Flower asks me, as she subtly tries to pick up a bottle of dwarven ale, but then her eyes briefly turn blue and she slaps her own hand away from the bottle. "If you want some suggestions, I highly recommend the spell where you make a huge dragon out of flames that you can use to--"

"I doubt that's how it works," Illuna interrupts her. "He might not be limited by the list of spells provided by his device anymore, but his magical power level is still very low. This means that he will only be able to cast very weak spells for the time being."


[17] "Look, I know that you all hate it," I say, "but it's important for our timing to be perfect if we want to use this in battle effectively. As soon as I say the code words 'Daren, catch!' you all need to close your eyes for exactly one second, no matter what you are doing on the battlefield, or else you'll get blinded along with the enemy. This is a very old spell that they don't really teach anymore nowadays, so most people won't be expecting it the first time when I use it against them. That's why it's necessary for us to do it well from the very first try, before we lose the element of surprise."

"Listen, Barry..." Hadrik says, "I get that you're really excited about finally obtaining your magical stats, but it feels like this is the only thing you've been talking about for two days straight. Maybe it wouldn't be such a bad idea to forget about your magic for an hour or two and do something else for a change."

"Come on, Hadrik, don't be like that!" Daren says. "Let Barry have his moment. The man's been dreaming of becoming a mage his entire life. It's perfectly fine for him to get a little over-excited. And it's not like we mind, with the exception of his blinding light spell. That one is admittedly getting a little obnoxious."

"Maybe Barry could show off some of the other new spells that he's learned today!" Diane says. "How about it?"


[18] "As for me," Daren says, "the main problem is that many of my protection spells have limited uses per day, so I'd rather not cancel them unless it's absolutely necessary. And casting your spells on me while my protections are still up wouldn't really be of much help to you, because you wouldn't know if they worked or not."

"It would still help me a little to cast them on you even with your protections active, but I get your point," I say.

"Barry, I didn't know you were in need of a test subject!" Diane says. "I'd love to help!"

"Are you... sure?" I ask her, a little apprehensively. "I wouldn't want you to force yourself for my sake or anything. You and Kate both grew up in the Beacon of Hope after all..."

"Oh you don't have to worry about me," Diane says. "That trauma is far behind me. The idea of you testing spells on me doesn't bother me in the slightest."

"Well, if you're certain about it, then yeah, I could definitely use your help!" I say. "Thanks!"

"Any time!" Diane says.

"Alright, that's enough chit-chat!" Arraka says, all of a sudden."We've got important business to discuss. Kate, I know you've been practicing aura manipulation in secret for the past two days. Are you ever planning to show us what you've accomplished, or are you just doing it as a hobby?"


[19] "Aha-Ahahahahahaha!!!" Arraka laughs. "I knew it! I knew that this scepter wouldn't let me down! Do you know what this is? Do you KNOW what this is?! It's our secret weapon against my copy from the past, that's what! I remember exactly what defenses I used to have back then, and there's no way I could withstand something like this if I were caught unprepared. All you losers need to do is to get that cheap copy of me sufficiently distracted for two seconds, and Kate will freeze her solid! Oh man, I can't believe you idiots lucked out like this! That trip to the lessathi headquarters was worth it in so many ways!"

"So," Illuna asks, "you're saying that your protection spells from five thousand years ago were so weak that you couldn't even protect against a Tyrath-level attack? Because we all saw Tyrath attacking her during the ritual, and she defended against it just fine."

"She didn't 'defend just fine', "Arraka says. "It got her sufficiently distracted for Tyrath to teleport you away from danger, which means that Kate's beam should also keep the other Arraka immobilized just long enough for us to deliver the finishing blow."


[20] "I was already done talking, you oaf," Arraka says. "Have fun intoxicating yourself with that slow poison you like to call 'dwarven ale'. I'm going back to my research."

"That's what I like to hear!" Hadrik says, as he takes another drink from his bottle.

We spend about half an hour continuing to drink with Hadrik, while trying to talk about anything other than our trainings for a change, and then Diane and I decide to leave early so that she could help me with my spells, like she promised.

As we are trying to find a nice isolated place, away from the others, I get temporarily lost in my thoughts when I remember the eagerness with which Diane agreed to become my test subject for the evening, despite having every reason to not want to do this, just like Kate.

Now that I think about it, this wasn't the first time when Diane acted in this manner. Ever since we left the lessathi headquarters, she's been expending a lot of effort trying to get along with everyone. Perhaps too much effort. Normally, this wouldn't be an issue, because it's very clear that she cares deeply about Kate, and it's not an unusual thing to want to get along with her friends, but it's also hard to ignore the fact that she is essentially Meridith's second in command, so she would have every reason to want to get close to us if her orders were to slowly gain our trust and convince us that taking Meridith's offer is a good idea.


[21] "I was thinking of beginning with the dizziness spell that I mentioned earlier, during our drinking session," I say. "Would it be okay if I asked you to describe in as much detail as you can exactly what you are feeling in the first few seconds after I cast the spell on you? I'm trying to figure out if I can get any use out of it or not."

"Uh... I have a protection against dizziness cast on me at the moment," Diane says. "Should I remove it first, or--"

"No, no, that's perfect!" I say. "Most enemies will probably have such a protection too, so it's a good idea to do a test under these conditions as well."

"Alright, then," Diane says. "Whenever you're ready!"

As soon as I'm done checking my notebook, I get into my stance and I cast the dizziness spell on Diane. Just as expected, her magical protection easily defends her against my attack, but it did feel like she got slightly distracted for a few seconds right after I finished casting. I wonder if the dizziness spell might have some side-effects that I'm unaware of.

"So, umm... quick question!" Diane says. "Was I supposed to hear a ringing in my ears when you cast the spell on me?"

"I... can't say that I've heard this effect being described for this particular spell before," I say. "But then again, the lesser known a spell is, the more chances there are for its side-effects to not be properly documented, so I'm not all that surprised. What did this ringing sound like? Was it high pitched? Were there short pauses between the ringing noises every half a second or so?"


[22] Ironically, if she acted less composed around us, and more like her younger self, I think she would have had a much easier time befriending everyone, because it would have made her seem a lot more honest.

"Alright, I think that was the last of the spells I wanted to test," I say, after a while. "Thanks a lot for the help! I really appreciate it!"

"Done already?" Diane asks. "That's too bad. I was almost starting to get used to the dizziness and feeling of nausea."

"Hey, if you feel like you haven't had enough nausea for one day, you could always ask Hadrik for some ale," I say. "It shouldn't take more than a bottle for you to feel the need to throw up again!"

"Actually... I don't think Hadrik would really want to share his ale with me," Diane tells me, in a more serious tone.


[23] "Barry, I think that might be the best advice I've heard all day!" Diane says, with a smile. "In fact, I think I'll try to talk to her right now. Thanks for the suggestion!"

"You are very welcome!" I say, as Diane now heads towards Flower and Illuna, presumably to have a conversation with Arraka.

I decide to head in the opposite direction, so that I can test out a few more combinations of spells before beginning my night shift with Daren. As I am walking towards my usual spot, I notice with the corner of my eye that Kate is busy doing her aim training routine, where she aims for separate leaves in the trees with each one of her icicles.


[24] "Okay, let me see if I can get this right on the first guess," I tell her. "Your one main goal since the first day you joined the tournament has always been to find Diane, and to take her with you, away from Varathia. However, now that you've finally had the chance to meet her and talk to her, you've realized that Diane has no intention to leave this place, and that she is working together with the lessathi of her own free will. In other words, the reason why you are conflicted right now is because you've realized that the only way for you to be able to stay with your friend after the tournament is over is to join Meridith and the rest of the lessathi, which isn't exactly the most ideal situation for you. Did I guess correctly so far?"

Kate sighs.

"Only partially," she answers me, after a short pause. "It's not just about what I'm going to do once the tournament is over. I'm also a little worried about Diane. She seems... changed. It's not that I was expecting her to be the exact same person that she was ten years ago, but when I talk to her now, I feel like I can't even tell what she's thinking half the time. I don't know... I suppose I just can't seem to come to terms with the fact that it was so easy to connect with Leila, despite the fact that we barely interacted while we were at the Beacon, but when it comes to Diane, it feels almost like we are strangers sometimes."


[25] "Hey, there's no need to sell yourself short," I say. "You also helped me out when I really needed it, remember? You're the one who gave me the idea to try to modify my stat device to extract its energy directly from the magical plane, with the help of the Magium, and it's largely because of your advice that I've been able to keep going, even in the toughest of times. Don't think I'll ever forget that!"

"I'm glad I could help," Kate tells me, with a faint but genuine smile.

"Hey, Barry!" I hear Daren shouting from a distance. "Are you ready for our night shift?"

"Yeah, I'll be right there!" I shout back at him.

"Alright!" Daren says, loudly. "While you're getting ready, I'll go ask Hadrik if he'll loan us his deck of cards. I'll meet you there!"

"Sounds like a plan!" I shout, and then I turn to Kate.


[26] By using my elementalist powers, I am able to combine my fire and water elements in just the right amounts to conjure a cloud of steam big enough to somewhat conceal my presence from my enemies. It might not be the most useful spell ever, but at least it could moderately inconvenience the people who aren't really all that used to locating their adversaries through their auras.

Considering that I only have access to level one spells at the moment, every little bit helps.

"Hey, Barry!" I hear Daren shouting from a distance, all of a sudden. "Are you ready for our night shift?"


[27] "My thanks!" Arraka tells her, in the same pleasant voice, as Diane takes a courteous bow, and she goes towards her tent.

"So, uh... I see you're really getting along with Diane, huh?" I ask Arraka, as I now approach Flower and Illuna.

"Oh, yes, the girl is wonderful!" Arraka tells me. "Did you know that I've been asking her the exact same question at the end of every conversation we've had, and she's been giving me the same answer, but the reaction of her aura was different each time?"

"I'm... not sure if I understand what that means," I tell her.

"She's using the same aura concealment technique that the king of the underground was using," Arraka explains to me. "I think she must have learned it from Meridith, because all of the lessathi were using a crude version of this technique, but only Meridith and Diane are proficient enough in it to be on the level of the king of the underground, or maybe even greater than that. Essentially, they are controlling their auras so well that they can almost completely mask whether they are lying or not, and on top of that, they also like to make their auras tremble slightly at random intervals, to make it seem like they are lying even when they are telling the truth."

"Interesting..." I say. "Do you think they're all using this as a precaution, in case they ever get interrogated by Eiden?"


[28] Once I get there, I see that Daren hasn't arrived yet, so I decide to lie down with my back against a tree and to grab my notebook. I don't really want to experiment with any spell combinations so close to our camp, in case there are any accidents, so maybe I should work on a spell that is a little more harmless.

About twenty minutes later, Daren finally makes his way to our meeting spot and he excuses himself for being late, saying that Hadrik had insisted that he played one short game of Met-Zek with him before giving him the cards.

"So, what have you been doing while waiting for me?" Daren says, as he takes a look at my notebook. "Researching another spell?"

"Yep," I say. "I'm currently trying to figure out what would be the best way to make a mustache stick to the God of Time's face. What do you think? Should I go with an illusion, or a real mustache?"

"Uh... neither?" Daren says. "I thought we had agreed that we wouldn't try to piss off the God of Time for no reason until we'd be strong enough to beat him. Do you really want to get us all killed again?"

"Relax," I say. "If anything, he'll probably just kill me, not the rest of you. And besides, I don't even think the God of Time knows what a mustache is. I'm sure he'll just ignore it and move on."


[29] Once I get there, I see that Daren hasn't arrived yet, so I decide to lie down with my back against a tree and to grab my notebook. I don't really want to experiment with any spell combinations so close to our camp, in case there are any accidents, so maybe I should work on a spell that is a little more harmless.

About twenty minutes later, Daren finally makes his way to our meeting spot and he excuses himself for being late, saying that Hadrik had insisted that he played one short game of Met-Zek with him before giving him the cards.

"So, what have you been doing while waiting for me?" Daren says, as he takes a look at my notebook. "Researching another spell?"

"Yeah," I say. "I've been trying to remember how to cast the frog summoning spell that I talked about earlier today, but I can't quite remember the exact patterns of the flow of magic. I was reading up on my notes, and was thinking of trying it out in the ethereal plane first, to make sure that it works, but I haven't had the time to do it yet."

"So, you've still got a long way to go, then," Daren says.

"Eh... hopefully not that long," I tell him. "Maybe one hour or two at most."

"Alright," Daren says. "Are you ready to play some cards, then?"

"Sure thing," I say, as Daren takes out the deck of cards that he got from Hadrik and puts them on the ground next to me. "Let's see what you've got!"


[30] Once I get there, I see that Daren hasn't arrived yet, so I decide to lie down with my back against a tree and to grab my notebook. I don't really want to experiment with any spell combinations so close to our camp, in case there are any accidents, so maybe I should work on a spell that is a little more harmless.

About twenty minutes later, Daren finally makes his way to our meeting spot and he excuses himself for being late, saying that Hadrik had insisted that he played one short game of Met-Zek with him before giving him the cards.

"So, what have you been doing while waiting for me?" Daren says, as he takes a look at my notebook. "Researching another spell?"

"Yeah," I say. "I've been trying to remember how to cast the floating dagger spell that I talked about earlier today, but I can't quite remember the exact patterns of the flow of magic. I was reading up on my notes, and was thinking of trying it out in the ethereal plane first, to make sure that it works, but I haven't had the time to do it yet."

"So, you've still got a long way to go, then," Daren says.

"Eh... hopefully not that long," I tell him. "Maybe one hour or two at most."

"Alright," Daren says. "Are you ready to play some cards, then?"

"Sure thing," I say, as Daren takes out the deck of cards that he got from Hadrik and puts them on the ground next to me. "Let's see what you've got!"


[31] Once I get there, I see that Daren hasn't arrived yet, so I decide to lie down with my back against a tree and to grab my notebook. I don't really want to experiment with any spell combinations so close to our camp, in case there are any accidents, so maybe I should work on a spell that is a little more harmless.

About twenty minutes later, Daren finally makes his way to our meeting spot and he excuses himself for being late, saying that Hadrik had insisted that he played one short game of Met-Zek with him before giving him the cards.

"So, what have you been doing while waiting for me?" Daren says, as he takes a look at my notebook. "Researching another spell?"

"Yeah," I say. "I've been trying to remember how to cast the flying sparks spell that I talked about earlier today, but I can't quite remember the exact patterns of the flow of magic. I was reading up on my notes, and was thinking of trying it out in the ethereal plane first, to make sure that it works, but I haven't had the time to do it yet."

"So, you've still got a long way to go, then," Daren says.

"Eh... hopefully not that long," I tell him. "Maybe one hour or two at most."

"Alright," Daren says. "Are you ready to play some cards, then?"

"Sure thing," I say, as Daren takes out the deck of cards that he got from Hadrik and puts them on the ground next to me. "Let's see what you've got!"


[32] Once I get there, I see that Daren hasn't arrived yet, so I decide to lie down with my back against a tree and to grab my notebook. I don't really want to experiment with any spell combinations so close to our camp, in case there are any accidents, so maybe I should work on a spell that is a little more harmless.

About twenty minutes later, Daren finally makes his way to our meeting spot and he excuses himself for being late, saying that Hadrik had insisted that he played one short game of Met-Zek with him before giving him the cards.

"So, what have you been doing while waiting for me?" Daren says, as he takes a look at my notebook. "Researching another spell?"

"Yeah," I say. "I've been trying to remember how to cast the dunce hat spell that I talked about earlier today, but I can't quite remember the exact patterns of the flow of magic. I was reading up on my notes, and was thinking of trying it out in the ethereal plane first, to make sure that it works, but I haven't had the time to do it yet."

"So, you've still got a long way to go, then," Daren says.

"Eh... hopefully not that long," I tell him. "Maybe one hour or two at most."

"Alright," Daren says. "Are you ready to play some cards, then?"

"Sure thing," I say, as Daren takes out the deck of cards that he got from Hadrik and puts them on the ground next to me. "Let's see what you've got!"


[33] "Hey," I say, "Brinhorn has spent years upon years winning every single sage tournament from the Western Continent just to get a chance to challenge Azarius for the sage title again and again, without beating him even once. And yet he still does it. Every year! If that's not pure madness, then I don't know what is. But yeah, now that I think about it, maybe Brinhorn and I were pretty likeminded after all. I'm honestly surprised that we haven't run into him so far. I would find it extremely unlikely for him to not be here, especially knowing that Azarius joined this tournament. Maybe he got teleported to the other end of the continent or something."

"Have you not kept in contact with him at all since you left?" Daren asks me. "If you at least had the frequency of his transceiver, we could try to call him."


[34] "Sure, I guess..." I say. "At least on a theoretical level. Why do you ask?"

"...This is going to sound a little weird, coming from me," Daren says, "but I'm not sure how comfortable I'd feel about killing Eiden, at this point. Especially after he helped me during the God of Time's trial."

"You do realize that the Eiden from this world has no memories of helping you, right?" I say.


[35] "Frankly," I say, "after what we've found out from Meridith, I'm beginning to think that the two old enemies from the prophecy might actually be Eiden and the lessathi, instead of Eiden and Tyrath like we originally thought. I know that he technically 'took their side' during the still winter, according to Melindra, but Meridith clearly does not see things that way, and she is obviously preparing for some kind of big showdown with Eiden at the end of this tournament, so I wouldn't be surprised if it was their fight instead that triggered the destruction of the Varathian cities."

"...I thought that it was the Magium itself that sent this prophecy to us," Daren says. "Why would it send a prophecy about this conflict and at the same time actively take the side of one of the opposing factions and help create the conflict in the first place?"

"According to Arraka, the Magium itself and the Magium fragments are separate entities," I say. "This particular fragment seems to have been using the Magium node inside the lessathi base to communicate with Meridith and make these plans for quite some time, which makes me think that this recent prophecy is not actually its main concern, and its real purpose is to kill Eiden. I wonder if this isn't by any chance the same Magium fragment that gave Eiden the secret knowledge that he needed to defeat Arraka, and now decided that he's been using that knowledge for too long and needs to be removed from the equation."

"This is all really confusing to me," Daren says. "If this Magium 'fragment' really wants Eiden dead, then why doesn't it just erase him? Why does it need us or the lessathi to do the job in its place?"


[36] As most of us are slowly being lured towards Flower by the appetizing aroma, we hear Daren having a conversation with his wife, Sophie, on his transceiver while packing his tent. They've been talking at least three times per day since he managed to finally contact her, which is nice to see, since it's clear how much they've missed each other. What's more, Sophie has also blended rather well with our group, and she has already made some plans to join us on a few journeys after we are done with the tournament.

Aside from Daren's wife, we've also been in contact with Melindra and with Leila's father, who both have transceivers from Daren and can call us whenever they like. Unfortunately, since Leila can't send her texts through the transceiver, her father needs to read them out loud for us, which makes our discussions a little awkward, but at least we can communicate with her, so I can't complain. As for Melindra, Flower tends to call her more than ten times a day, so in a way, it's like she never left. I've also seen Kate call her a few times, but she mostly does it in secret, while she is training, probably because she is too embarrassed to let us know that she misses her.


[37] "It was Fyron's node," Illuna says. "That is also the one that Arraka has been using, even before Fyron, if she is to be believed. I personally have not seen her use it even once during the time she was 'mentoring' me, and she never even bothered to mention its existence to me at that time."

"Of course I wasn't using it at the time," Arraka says. "I had already gotten most of the information that I needed from the Magium while I was still on the magical plane. The only thing that interested me from the nodes on the earthen plane was to find a way back to my own plane of existence, but I couldn't find anything useful. Things might have gone better if I hadn't been stuck in a mountain or forced to inhabit animal bodies during the majority of my time here, but I never exactly had the opportunity to test that hypothesis."

"But you've both been to this node since Fyron took control of it, right?" Daren asks. "How did you convince him to share it with you?"


[38] "Well, it's not like anyone else here knows how to use this aura obscuring technique," Illuna says, "so I suppose that we'll have to take your word on that, won't we?"

"Listen, I realize that you've only known me for a short while," Diane says, "and you have no real reason to trust me aside from the fact that I'm a childhood friend of Kate, but there really is nothing I can do about this. I'm sorry if it's making you uncomfortable..."

"I will admit that I did think something was different about you ever since we first got reunited," Kate says, "but now I realize that this must have been what was bothering me. While it does feel a bit awkward having conversations with you because of it, I don't think anyone would mind it even if it wasn't something beyond your control. I'm sure that everyone would choose to constantly use a technique that makes them immune to lie-detection if they had the means to do so. Isn't that right, guys?"


[39] "So... is it okay if I go wash the plates?" Flower asks us, suddenly. "I see that you're all done eating."

"Actually, I think I'll be washing the plates today," Illuna says. "I've been using the knowledge that I retrieved from Meridith's Magium node to improve a spell of mine, and this would be a good way to practice it."

"You used knowledge from the Magium to work on a dish-washing spell?..." Hadrik asks, confused.

"This is hardly the intended purpose of the spell, but sure, you can call it that, if you want," Illuna says, as she makes one of the plates float in the air, inside a sphere of water.

"Hey, wait a minute!" Arraka says. "That's the spell I taught you, isn't it? The one that you used against Tyrath to drown him in Thilias!"

"It's an improved version of your spell," Illuna says. "At this point, it's different enough for me to call it 'my' spell instead."


[40] "Sure thing," Daren says. "Let's go over there, and we can start right away."

As soon as Daren and Hadrik move away from the rest of us and get into their positions, they both count to three at the same time and then they dash at each other almost immediately. However, not even thirty seconds after the start of the battle, Daren calls for an unexpected time-out.

"Stop, stop, stop!" Daren shouts all of a sudden. "Hadrik, what in the gods' names are you doing?"

"What do you mean what am I doing?..." Hadrik says. "I'm fighting. You've seen me fight dozens of times before."

"Not like this!" Daren says. "Your moves are not the same at all! It's like you've become a completely different person overnight! How in the world could you have changed your fighting style so much over the course of one day? I couldn't even predict half of those moves and I was reading your aura every step of the way!"

"Oh yeah," Hadrik says. "Now that I think about it, people HAVE told me in the past that I fight a little better when I'm not drunk. I suppose it's been so long since I've been sober that I simply forgot."


[41] "I see it," I say, in a very unenthusiastic tone.

"That rock... looks nothing like a cloak or a shield..." Daren says. "Why would you call it that?"

After hearing what Daren had to say, Flower shakes her head in disapproval and looks at him as if he were some simpleton that had no taste for the fine arts.

"You wouldn't understand..." she says, and then she goes to grab the stone from the ground.

"Oh, for crying out loud!" Arraka says, all of a sudden. "Not another one of these!"

"Yeah, there are a lot of rocks here on the earthen plane," Hadrik says. "Better get used to it."

"Not the rock, you moron!" Arraka says. "It's one of Eiden's invisible spells that he's been casting all over the continent. The girl just ran right into it with my amulet hanging around her neck, and I always get a tingling sensation whenever she does that. It's extremely annoying."

"You said 'not another one of these'..." Daren tells her. "How many of these spells have you been detecting, lately?"

"In the past two days?" Arraka asks. "Five of them. And that's only the ones that Flower happened to run into. There may have been more, but I didn't really bother to actively look for them. Apparently, Eiden's been very busy lately."

"Do you have any idea what he's using these spells for?" I say.


[42] 