
[1] 

[2] "Honestly, it doesn't sound that much more ridiculous than your typical lessathi name, to me," Melindra says. "It's just the length of it that's really exaggerated. There were just so many ways in which they could have shortened the name to turn it into something more manageable, that it makes me think his parents simply named him like that as a cruel joke. What better way to ruin your son's life than to give him a name that-- hey look, a flying golem head!"

"What?..." Hadrik says.

"Over there, look!" Melindra says, as she points towards a strange contraption that is currently flying towards us.

This 'flying golem head' seems to be nothing more than a metal ball the size of a human head, with a propeller on top and a sort of large eye in the center, which appears to be illuminated by a red light. As the flying metal ball gets closer to us, it turns itself left and right, so that its eye can get a good look at us, and then it begins speaking in a metallic-sounding monotone voice.

"This unit does not recognize you," the flying ball says. "Identify yourselves."


[3] "Refusing to identify yourself is a direct violation of the law," the flying ball says. "State your name now, or you will deemed a criminal!"

As the metal ball keeps pestering us, more and more of the citizens we are passing are turning around to look towards us, with somewhat worried expressions on their faces.

"We're drawing too much attention to ourselves with this thing following us," Daren says, and then he turns towards the metal ball. "Hey you! Flying contraption! My name is Daren. Do you understand? Da-ren!"

"Designation acquired," the metal ball says. "You will henceforth be referred to as Da-ren. Have a pleasant day."

"Wait, was that it?" Hadrik says, as the metal ball flies away from us. "Isn't it going to ask for the rest of our names?"

"I did say that these 'droons' aren't exactly very intelligent, didn't I?" Melindra says.

"Yeah, but still..." Hadrik says. "Is it just going to call us all Daren from now on, or what?"

"Possibly," Melindra says. "I have no idea how these golem heads have evolved over the years. It doesn't really matter either way. Let's proceed, shall we?"


[4] "Hey, no problem!" I say. "In that case, I guess we'll be goin--"

"In order for this unit to be able to properly guide you through the city, you will first need to specify your intended destination," the metal ball says.

"I just told you that we don't need a guide!" I say. "We can handle ourselves just fine."

"Negative," the metal ball says. "All merchants coming from foreign cities are our esteemed guests. It is this unit's job to ensure that your business is conducted as smoothly as possible. However, in order to guide you, this unit will first need to know where you are headed."

"And what if we don't give you our destination?..." Daren says.

"Error," the metal ball says. "This unit is not equipped to deal with such a scenario. Initiating experimental artificial intelligence protocol: designation Overseer. Please standby. Your inquiry will be answered shortly."


[5] "Complaint acknowledged," the metal ball says. "Now formulating new hypothesis, based on the acquired information."

"Listen, we don't need your help with anything," I say. "All we want is for you to leave us--"

"New hypothesis completed," the metal ball interrupts me. "It appears that the method used to enter the city was indeed legal, but the password used to get past the gates was obtained in an illegal manner. Is that correct?"

"No!" I say. "Why would you say that? We got the password legally! We were invited by someone from this city."

"Based on the available information, the Overseer protocol has concluded that your most likely objective in this city is to assassinate the king of Ollendor," the metal ball says. "Is that correct?"


[6] "I don't know, but I don't like the way everyone is looking at us," Daren says, as he nods his head towards a few citizens who are watching us from a distance, with slightly anxious expressions on their faces. "I'm not sure how much these people heard of what the golem head just said, but we'd best be moving along before we become even more suspicious-looking than we already are."

"So, how do you reckon that metal ball figured out all that stuff about us?" Hadrik asks Daren in a low voice, as we move away from the people who were staring at us.

"It's possible that they've been monitoring us since before we entered the city," Daren says. "Melindra did say that these 'droons' were originally built for surveillance purposes, and I will admit that I haven't really been paying attention to the sky above us since we came here."

"But if they knew what we were doing from even before we got past the gates, why would they let us come this far?" Hadrik says.

"Who knows?" Daren says. "It could be a trap of some kind. Or perhaps their surveillance system is defective, and the metal balls haven't reported us to anyone in charge yet. It's anyone's guess, really. There's not exactly much we can do about it other than keeping our guards up, and hoping for the best. This is an unknown territory for us, so we should assume that there are enemies around every corner unless proven otherwise. Melindra, how long do we have until we reach that plaza you mentioned?"


[7] "You would need to take advantage of the ever-growing tensions between the old members of the royal guard and the newer members, who only joined recently, during the Magium tournament," the metal ball says. "Some of the older members are currently suspecting that the new ones only sought to be recruited into the royal guard so that they could gain easy access to the treasury and steal from their kingdom. The leader of the group in particular is always keeping an eye on the new members, and he makes sure to never let them walk around unsupervised. If you were to generate an internal conflict within the ranks of the royal guard by using this information, your chances of success would slightly increase."

"You don't say..." I tell the 'droon'. "What about any other scenarios in which we could stall the royal guard? Do you have any more useful advice to give us?"

"Unfortunately, the Overseer protocol does not have any more information to offer you regarding this subject," the metal ball says. "Keep in mind that the Overseer protocol is still experimental, and therefore it may not always be able to give you the exact guidance you require. Since this unit does not seem to be able to provide you with any additional information, you are advised to contact one of the city guards instead, who will gladly help you if there is anything else you need. We apologize for the inconvenience. Have a good day!"

"Well, damn..." Hadrik says, as the metal ball is flying away from us. "Do you suppose we can trust anything of what it said? Or could this just be some very elaborate trap?"


[8] "Did you see that?" Daren says in a low voice, so the other people in the plaza won't hear him. "He was looking right at me when he smirked! How did he hear what I said? Do you think they are somewhere nearby?"

"Be serious..." Arraka tells Daren. "He didn't need to hear exactly which words you used to figure out what you were going to say. You say the same thing every time Eiden makes an appearance. All he had to do was use his magical sense to figure out where you were situated in relation to the screen, and then read the fluctuations in your aura to figure out when you were done talking, so he could smirk at you. You would know these sorts of things if those 'ex-sage' teachers of yours had spent a minimum amount of time giving you aura training exercises instead of teaching you how to pick daisies."

"I swear," Melindra says, "if Eiden is planning to give away our position to the king after he didn't even bother to say hello to me at the arena in Thilias, I am going to strangle him with my own hands."


[9] "They could still be transmitting our position to the other guards, so they can better know where to wait for us," Daren says. "I think it would be safer to take all the metal balls out before we go any further. Kate, could you do the honors?"

Kate nods, and she then starts preparing about twenty or so icicles in the sky above her, so she can shoot all of the flying golem heads at once with them.


[10] "They could still be transmitting our position to the other guards, so they can better know where to wait for us," Daren says. "I think it would be safer to take all the metal balls out before we go any further. Kate, could you do the honors?"

Kate nods, and she then starts preparing about twenty or so icicles in the sky above her, so she can shoot all of the flying golem heads at once with them.

All of a sudden, I see a premonition in which the metal balls swiftly dodge almost all of Kate's icicles, and before any of us can react, the 'droons' dive down upon us, attacking us with various types of magical beams and projectiles.

"Wait, don't shoot!" I shout loudly, and Kate stops her icicles just in time.

"What's wrong?" Kate says.

"I saw a vision of you attacking the metal balls, and they're going to just dodge most of your projectiles," I say. "They'll also start shooting us with all sorts of magical attacks as soon as we open fire on them, so if we're going to take them out, we'll need a better surprise attack than that."

"Flower and I could also ready up some fire arrows and water lances, in order to shoot the metal balls right as they try to dodge Kate's icicles," Illuna says. "No matter how good they are at evading attacks in mid-air, I doubt they'd be able to avoid three consecutive waves of projectiles."


[11] While Kate and Flower are shooting down the golem heads as fast as they can, I am forced to rely exclusively on my reflexes for a while in order to keep myself alive. This does not help me for long, though, because no matter how fast my reactions are, I am still limited by the small delay with which the air currents react to my movements.

I try to shoot down a few of the metal balls myself, but their flying patterns are too hard for me to predict, and eventually a beam of fire engulfs my head, killing me in a matter of seconds.


[12] I try to head back towards the ground, but the metal balls have me completely surrounded, and they're coming at me from below as well.

While Kate and Flower are shooting down the golem heads as fast as they can, I am forced to rely exclusively on my reflexes for a while in order to keep myself alive. This does not help me for long, though, because no matter how fast my reactions are, I am still limited by the small delay with which the air currents react to my movements.

I therefore decide to buy some time, by shooting down some of the metal balls as well. Aiming while dodging in mid-air is definitely not easy, but I somehow manage to accurately predict the flight patterns of some of the golem heads, and by taking them down, I get to stay alive just enough for Kate, Illuna and Flower to finish off the rest of our enemies.

"I guess that's that for the 'droons', then," Daren says, as he looks at all of the metal balls now on the ground.

"Only for the ones that were following us," Melindra says. "There are likely many more of them roaming around the city, which haven't come to greet us just yet."

"Out of sight, out of mind," Daren says. "Frankly, I'm more worried about the guards that are trying to set up an ambush ahead of us. From what I'm sensing, it seems that they're trying to block off our other escape routes as well. Shaking them off is going to be a little tricky."


[13] As Daren's barrier is getting bombarded with more than a dozen spells, ranging from ice and fire beams to acid sprays and electric attacks, Kate sends a second wave of projectiles towards the golem heads, while Illuna and Flower are also attacking them with fire arrows and water lances. They manage to take out about half of the flying metal balls by themselves, but judging by the multitude of cracks visible on the surface of Daren's semi-transparent barrier, it looks we only have a few seconds to go until it collapses completely.

"The barrier is about to break!" Daren shouts. "Be ready!"

Just as the barrier is about to disappear, we all move away in different directions, in order to split up the golem heads that were focusing us. A few of the metal balls come after me and I try to fly away from them, but somehow the only thing that I accomplish with my actions is to attract the attention of even more golem heads, which are quickly moving to follow me.

I attempt to dodge their attacks, but there are just too many of them and I quickly get overwhelmed. Before my friends manage to save me, I get hit by two fire beams at the same time, which kill me in an instant.


[14] As Daren's barrier is getting bombarded with more than a dozen spells, ranging from ice and fire beams to acid sprays and electric attacks, Kate sends a second wave of projectiles towards the golem heads, while Illuna and Flower are also attacking them with fire arrows and water lances. They manage to take out about half of the flying metal balls by themselves, but judging by the multitude of cracks visible on the surface of Daren's semi-transparent barrier, it looks we only have a few seconds to go until it collapses completely.

"The barrier is about to break!" Daren shouts. "Be ready!"

Just as the barrier is about to disappear, we all move away in different directions, in order to split up the golem heads that were focusing us. A few of the metal balls come after me and I try to fly away from them, but somehow the only thing that I accomplish with my actions is to attract the attention of even more golem heads, which are quickly moving to follow me.

Fortunately, with the aid of my high reflexes I manage to avoid their attacks long enough for Kate, Illuna and Flower to destroy the golem heads that were focusing me, and soon after I pull out my crossbow, we make short work of the remaining metal balls as well.

"I guess that's that for the 'droons', then," Daren says, as he looks at all of the metal balls now on the ground.


[15] "Only for the ones that were following us," Melindra says. "There are likely many more of them roaming around the city, which haven't come to greet us just yet."

"Out of sight, out of mind," Daren says. "Frankly, I'm more worried about the guards that are trying to set up an ambush ahead of us. From what I'm sensing, it seems that they're trying to block off our other escape routes as well. Shaking them off is going to be a little tricky."


[16] "Damn it..." Daren says, as his barrier is slowly beginning to crack under the pressure of the constant barrage of spells coming its way.  "There wasn't enough time for the barrier to regenerate after the battle with the large golems at the gates. At this rate it won't hold out for much longer. Try to finish this as quickly as you can!"

As Daren's barrier is getting bombarded with more than half a dozen different spells, ranging from ice and fire beams to acid sprays and electric attacks, Kate sends a second wave of projectiles towards the golem heads, while Illuna and Flower are also attacking them with fire arrows and water lances. Luckily for us, the three of them manage to destroy all of the drones before they get to break Daren's barrier, although judging by the large number of cracks visible on its surface, the barrier would have likely collapsed if we were to wait a few more seconds.

"I guess that's that for the 'droons', then," Daren says, as he dismisses his barrier.

"Only for the ones that were following us," Melindra says. "There are likely many more of them roaming around the city, which haven't come to greet us just yet."

"Out of sight, out of mind," Daren says. "Frankly, I'm more worried about the guards that are trying to set up an ambush ahead of us. From what I'm sensing, it seems that they're trying to block off our other escape routes as well. Shaking them off is going to be a little tricky."


[17] "What now?" Hadrik says. "Do we stand here and fight them?"

"No," Daren says. "We'll try to delay them as much as we can. Flower, can you cast a wall of fire that is long enough to cover the width of this street? It should take them a while to find a way around it, and that will give us a bit of time to distance ourselves from them."

"Yeah, sure," Flower says, as she conjures a wall of flames behind us, just like Daren said.

"Perfect!" Daren says. "Let's keep going."

"There's still another group of guards approaching us from that other alleyway over there..." Melindra says, as she points towards the entrance of an alleyway that intersects with the one that we're currently on.

Before anyone gets to comment anything, Kate heads over to the alleyway Melindra mentioned, and she shoots a beam of ice out of her hands, freezing the ground completely.

"There," Kate says. "The ground is frozen solid. Unless they've brought ice skates with them, it's going to take them a long while to traverse this passageway. Shall we move forward?"

"Very well," Melindra says. "We'll be reaching the Perrelion plaza soon. Once we're there, we'll decide which path to take towards the palace."


[18] "Did you see that?" Daren says in a low voice, so the other people in the plaza won't hear him. "He was looking right at me when he smirked! How did he hear what I said? Do you think they are somewhere nearby?"

"Be serious..." Arraka tells Daren. "He didn't need to hear exactly which words you used to figure out what you were going to say. You say the same thing every time Eiden makes an appearance. All he had to do was use his magical sense to figure out where you were situated in relation to the screen, and then read the fluctuations in your aura to figure out when you were done talking, so he could smirk at you. You would know these sorts of things if those 'ex-sage' teachers of yours had spent a minimum amount of time giving you aura training exercises instead of teaching you how to pick daisies."

"I swear," Melindra says, "if Eiden is planning to give away our position to the king after he didn't even bother to say hello to me at the arena in Thilias, I am going to strangle him with my own hands."


[19] "Actually, oh great and wise king," Eiden says, "my role for now will be that of an observer, rather than an active participant in your politics. I have reasons to believe that your kingdom will face a great challenge in the near future, and I am very interested to see how you and your people will handle this crisis. I have heard many praises about your skilled leadership, and I am most anxious to witness your decision-making process up-close. I am confident that you will not betray my expectations."

"Of course, Creator!" the king says. "Whatever this crisis may be, I will make sure that you won't be disappointed. High priest, you may begin the ceremony!"

As soon as the king gives the signal, the priest begins chanting again, and both the king and Eiden fall silent once more.

"I knew it..." Daren says. "That bastard knows exactly what we're planning to do, and the only reason why he came here is to get a better view of the show. He's just going to sit there, sipping his tea, while the rest of us murder each other for his amusement."

"As long as he's not planning to interfere in any way, he can drink as much tea as he wants, for all I care," Melindra says. "Let's just hope that he won't get bored of watching and decide to join in the fun, later."


[20] When we get a little closer to the margin of the plaza, Melindra suddenly signals us to stop, and she begins watching the entrance to an alleyway in front of her very attentively. As we try to understand what got her attention, we see that three men are currently entering the plaza, two of which appear to be participants in the tournament, given that I'm not seeing any warnings to not injure them.

The three of them are wearing similar looking blue-colored uniforms on top of their armors, although the man who is a local from Varathia seems to have different markings drawn on his garments, likely as a result of being higher ranked than the others. Of the two tournament participants, one of them is particularly bulky and tall, reminding me somewhat of Bruce from the Thilias arena, except that he has a long black beard, a bald head, the look of a seasoned war veteran in his eyes, and he does not appear to be holding any weapons.

The second tournament participant is dark-skinned, although his skin tone is of a lighter shade than that of Daren and his ex-mentor. He has short black hair, he seems to be in his early thirties, and he has two long swords hanging from his belt, which indicates that he's likely using a dual-wielding combat style when he fights.


[21] "Whatever you say, captain," the first voice says, and then they both fall silent.

When we get a little closer to the margin of the plaza, Melindra suddenly signals us to stop, and she begins watching the entrance to an alleyway in front of her very attentively. As we try to understand what got her attention, we see that three men are currently entering the plaza, two of which appear to be participants in the tournament, given that I'm not seeing any warnings to not injure them.

The three of them are wearing similar looking blue-colored uniforms on top of their armors, although the man who is a local from Varathia seems to have different markings drawn on his garments, likely as a result of being higher ranked than the others. Of the two tournament participants, one of them is particularly bulky and tall, reminding me somewhat of Bruce from the Thilias arena, except that he has a long black beard, a bald head, the look of a seasoned war veteran in his eyes, and he does not appear to be holding any weapons.

The second tournament participant is dark-skinned, although his skin tone is of a lighter shade than that of Daren and his ex-mentor. He has short black hair, he seems to be in his early thirties, and he has two long swords hanging from his belt, which indicates that he's likely using a dual-wielding combat style when he fights.


[22] "I don't care about your race's history, recruit," the captain says in a cold tone. "What I do want to know, on the other hand, is who invited all of these tournament participants into our city. Tell me, travelers, what is the name of the citizen of Ollendor who gave you the password?"

"We can't tell you his name," Daren says. "He asked us to keep his identity a secret."

"There are no secrets to be kept from the royal guard," the captain says. "I will ask you only one more time. What is the name of the person who invited you here?"

Gontrok laughs.

"You know full well that nobody invited them," he says. "They probably overheard some villagers talking about the password or something and then told the guard at the entrance the same story that they told us."

"If you people are not going to give me a name, then we will have to take you into custody," the captain tells us.

"And if we refuse to come with you?" Daren asks.

"Then we will execute you on the spot," the captain says.

"See, now that's what I've been waiting to hear!" Gontrok says. "To be perfectly honest, I've been itching to have another fight with Hadrik for a long time, and I don't think I'll ever get a better opportunity than this. You two stay back! I alone should be enough to finish them all off!"


[23] "I don't care about your race's history, recruit," the captain says, in a cold tone. "What I do care about, however, is the reason why these criminals have still not been apprehended by our city guards. From the descriptions we received, these are clearly the hoodlums that destroyed our front gates and invaded our city."

"As long as we deal with them ourselves, it doesn't really matter that much, does it, captain?" Gontrok says. "To be perfectly honest, I've been itching to have another fight with Hadrik for a long time, and I don't think I'll ever get a better opportunity than this. You two stay back! I alone should be enough to finish them all off!"


[24] In the meantime, Kate has already begun attacking the captain, sending around a hundred icicles in his direction, but all of them stop in mid-air just as they reach him, then they turn themselves around and launch themselves right back at their creator, with breathtaking speed. Kate manages to conjure a wall of ice in front of her fast enough to defend herself from the incoming barrage of icicles, but the captain then makes a quick motion with his right hand, and somehow, an invisible force suddenly pushes Kate to the ground, restricting all her movements, similarly to how Eiden and the God of Time immobilized us during our first encounters with them.

Flower tries flying upwards with her fire jets, but the invisible force pushes her down as well, and it keeps crushing her against the ground, completely immobilizing her. Before the captain gets to do anything else, however, Leila dashes towards him, forcing the old man into close-quarters combat, which is quite clearly not one of his specialties. Unable to dodge Leila's relentless attacks, the captain is forced to repel her with the same invisible force attacks that he used before, although this apparently causes him to lose his grip on the spells that were holding Kate and Flower down, which allows them to somewhat raise themselves from the ground and to start working on a counter-attack.


[25] As my body is shivering uncontrollably, I suddenly feel several air currents beginning to flow around me, and for some reason, the feeling of the wind moving slowly against my skin has a weirdly calming effect on me, which helps me to regain my composure and to stop my trembling. I immediately realize that this is Melindra's flying spell, and as I turn around to face her, she gives me a very serious look, and she nods her head towards Daren, who is still being kicked around by Gontrok.

She's telling me to go help him. But how? 

As I look around myself to see what I could possibly make use of, I notice that Daren's sword is simply lying on the ground, ripe for the taking. Yes... with a weapon like this I should definitely be able to hurt the giant. That is to say, as long as I can manage to land a hit...


[26] Luckily for me, my maxed reflexes stat allows me to dodge all of his attacks, even when he manages to catch me on the wrong footing. If I were to actually try to defeat him I would likely be no match for him, but as long as I keep fighting defensively, all I need to do is make sure that he doesn't hit me. So long as I never attack him, I'm not giving him any openings to exploit, and so he is forced to play this waiting game with me, unless I make a mistake.

As I finally manage to distance myself a little more from him, I suddenly feel a very powerful invisible force pushing me to the ground, while restricting most of my movements. I struggle to move my head to the side, in order to see what's going on, and I realize that while I've been fighting the giant, Leila had also been subdued and now everyone who was fighting the captain earlier is being pushed against the ground, unable to get back up.

"Just what exactly do you think you're doing, captain?..." Gontrok asks, as he gets closer to me.


[27] Damn it... He only partially shapeshifted himself in order to keep his giant's strength and durability, while taking advantage of a wyvern's high mobility. I didn't even know such a thing was possible. So much for my aerial superiority, I guess...

As Gontrok approaches me, I quickly realize that his wings grant him a far higher mobility than the one I get from Melindra's flying spell.

The only way I could compensate for this would be to react quicker than him, whenever he attacks me, but unfortunately my reflexes are nowhere near good enough for this to happen, and so the giant soon catches up to me, grabbing me with one hand by my shirt and punching me so hard in the face with the other, that he completely shatters my skull and kills me in an instant.


[28] Damn it... He only partially shapeshifted himself in order to keep his giant's strength and durability, while taking advantage of a wyvern's high mobility. I didn't even know such a thing was possible. So much for my aerial superiority, I guess...

As Gontrok approaches me, I quickly realize that his wings grant him a far higher mobility than the one I get from Melindra's flying spell. In order to compensate for this, I'll need to use my superhuman reflexes in order to react quicker than him, whenever he attacks me.

I manage to get out of his way several times, but the delay with which the air currents react to my movements eventually makes it too hard for me to avoid his attacks in time, and soon the giant manages to catch up to me, grabbing me with one hand by my shirt and punching me so hard in the face with the other, that he completely shatters my skull and kills me in an instant.


[29] Damn it... He only partially shapeshifted himself in order to keep his giant's strength and durability, while taking advantage of a wyvern's high mobility. I didn't even know such a thing was possible. So much for my aerial superiority, I guess...

As Gontrok approaches me, I quickly realize that his wings grant him a far higher mobility than the one I get from Melindra's flying spell. In order to compensate for this, I'll need to use my superhuman reflexes in order to react quicker than him, whenever he attacks me.

I manage to get out of his way several times, but the delay with which the air currents react to my movements eventually makes it too hard for me to rely simply on my fast reaction speed to avoid his attacks. Luckily for me, my combat technique stat also gives me access to evasive tactics that I can use while airborne, and this allows me to outmaneuver the giant well enough that it makes his higher mobility become irrelevant. I fly through the sky for a while, trying to bait Gontrok into attacking me without exposing myself to too much risk, but my tactical advantage does not last for long, because unfortunately the giant was not the only enemy that I needed to look out for. 


[30] I immediately dash towards him and try to stab him while he's still lying on the ground, but the giant quickly rolls to the side, dodging my sword by a mere few inches. He then gets back up and lunges at me, in an attempt to grab me one more time, but I do a little spin and then try to stab him once again, which forces him to do a quick jump backwards, only to come back and attack me even more relentlessly one second later. I decide to take advantage of my high speed to confuse my enemy, and I attempt to distance myself from the giant, in order to run circles around him until he can no longer focus on me properly.

As soon as I try to put my plan into action, however, I immediately realize that Gontrok is in fact just as fast as I am, if not even more so. Every time I try to jump away from him, he closes the gap between us in an instant, and it is only thanks to my incredible reflexes and extensive knowledge of combat techniques that I am able to both react in time and predict his next movements, in order to get out of his way in time. The two of us jump around the battlefield for a good few seconds before I conclude that this strategy isn't going to work, and as soon as I find a bit of an opening, I soar high into the air, in the hopes that I'll be able to finally get the better of him by taking advantage of my aerial superiority.

Unfortunately for me, the giant does not let me distance myself from him more than a few dozen feet before he spontaneously sprouts two dragon-like wings from his back, which he immediately uses to propel himself upwards at an alarming speed.


[31] "Silence!" the captain says. "It's already difficult enough for me to focus on immobilizing everyone without having to figure out whether you're actually trying to betray me or not. Loyrang, come here and finish these intruders off, will you? I'm afraid that if I move away from this position, I might break my concentration and undo the spell."

"I already told you that unless the king himself orders me to do it, I'm not going to attack any of these people," says the dark-skinned guard, whose name is apparently Loyrang.

"So, now you are working against me as well?" the captain says.

"We're not working against you, you imbecile!" Gontrok says. "We can't even attack any of the locals because of the tournament's protection spell. How exactly would we even go about harming you?!"

"These outsiders should be under the effects of the tournament's spell as well..." the captain says. "And yet, that didn't seem to stop them from attacking me."

"You know what?" Gontrok says. "You're right. Maybe that tournament spell never even existed. Maybe it was all a hoax from the beginning, just to scare us into not attacking any of the civilians. In fact, I feel like testing this theory right now."


[32] All of a sudden, Gontrok turns to his right, putting his hands in front of him, and barely a moment later Hadrik flashes right past me, reaching his old friend in less than a second and punching him so hard that a shockwave of air hits us all in the face, when his fist collides with Gontrok's palms. Even though he did successfully block the attack, Gontrok does not manage to completely nullify the effects of the impact, and he gets thrown straight into a wall.

"You sure managed to knock me out cold for a while, there, Gontrok..." Hadrik says. "Luckily, your captain's shouts from earlier were just what I needed to get woken up!"

"And here I was, thinking that you'd gone soft during all those years that you've been away," Gontrok says, as he raises himself from the ground and begins walking towards Hadrik. "Perhaps you are still fit to entertain me after all. Let's see what you've got, 'old friend'."

As soon as Gontrok stops talking, he runs towards Hadrik, and then the two of them clash once more. Meanwhile, the captain seems to have given up on trying to get his teammates to help him, and he is now very slowly trying to advance towards us, holding in his right hand a small dagger that he had been keeping hidden until now.


[33] As the captain stops for a little bit, to make sure that he does not accidentally break his concentration on the spell that's pushing us down, Arraka, who had been notably silent until this point, finally snaps.

"What the hell is WRONG with you people?!" she shouts. "Is this what I've been training you for? To get offed by a frail old man, crawling towards you with a small dagger? Were you not going to challenge the gods?! How can you all be so incredibly useless?"

"This frail old man is using a spell that I've only seen being cast by Eiden and the God of Time before!" I say. "Are you seriously going to claim that we're fighting just some plain old mage, here?"


[34] While Leila is fighting the captain, we can feel the invisible force above us becoming weak and then powerful again, as the old man is struggling to maintain his concentration. In the meantime, Hadrik and Gontrok are still fighting, and it looks like Gontrok is winning again, but the fight does seem to be more evenly matched this time around.

As we're all still trying to raise ourselves up from the ground, we suddenly hear an explosion coming from the holographic screen, where the ceremony was still being displayed.

"What was that?" the king of Ollendor says, in a slightly panicked tone. "Where did that explosion come from?"

"It sounded like it came from inside this very building, my lord," the high priest says.

"By the gods!" the king says. "Then this must be related to the great challenge that our Creator said we would be facing soon!"

"Actually, this isn't--" Eiden begins to say, but the king interrupts him.


[35] 