
[1] 

[2] "Oh, this brings back so many memories!" Melindra says, as she looks at the metal ball in front of her. "I remember how Billy Bob had an obsession with these one-eyed golem heads. He wanted to make them intelligent! I believe he used to call them... droons? Yeah, I think that was the name. Anyway, so Billy Bob had this dream that he could one day fill the skies with these 'droons' of his, and that they would somehow monitor the citizens even in the absence of the city guards. Needless to say, his dream remained only a dream, and the most he managed to get out of these old relics was to get them to ask for your name. If you don't answer them, they'll keep pestering you until you tell them something. But if you give them any name whatsoever, they'll simply fly away and leave you alone. How's that for a useless invention?"

"This unit shall not repeat itself again," the flying metal ball says. "Identify yourselves, or face the consequences!"


[3] "I don't know, but I don't like the way everyone is looking at us," Daren says, as he nods his head towards a few citizens who are watching us from a distance, with slightly anxious expressions on their faces. "I'm not sure how much these people heard of what the golem head just said, but we'd best be moving along before we become even more suspicious-looking than we already are."

"So, how do you reckon that metal ball figured out all that stuff about us?" Hadrik asks Daren in a low voice, as we move away from the people who were staring at us.

"It's possible that they've been monitoring us since before we entered the city," Daren says. "Melindra did say that these 'droons' were originally built for surveillance purposes, and I will admit that I haven't really been paying attention to the sky above us since we came here."

"But if they knew what we were doing from even before we got past the gates, why would they let us come this far?" Hadrik says.

"Who knows?" Daren says. "It could be a trap of some kind. Or perhaps their surveillance system is defective, and the metal balls haven't reported us to anyone in charge yet. It's anyone's guess, really. There's not exactly much we can do about it other than keeping our guards up, and hoping for the best. This is an unknown territory for us, so we should assume that there are enemies around every corner unless proven otherwise. Melindra, how long do we have until we reach that plaza you mentioned?"


[4] "He's not giving away anything," Illuna says. "Look at the screen. They're clearly preparing for a ceremony of some kind. The king and Eiden are both staying silent, while the man in robes is chanting obscure mantras and smacking the ground repeatedly with his scepter. I recommend that we ignore them and keep following Melindra towards our destination. This ceremony of theirs is probably going to take a long time."

"Yes, well, you see..." Melindra says. "The thing is that it's been a while since I last visited this plaza, and I don't really remember which way we're supposed to go from here. They've changed so many things with the architecture that nothing looks the same anymore, and it's all very confusing. Just... give me a minute, and I'm sure I'll figure it out."


[5] "Only for the ones that were following us," Melindra says. "There are likely many more of them roaming around the city, which haven't come to greet us just yet."

"Out of sight, out of mind," Daren says. "Frankly, I'm more worried about the guards that are trying to set up an ambush ahead of us. From what I'm sensing, it seems that they're trying to block off our other escape routes as well. Shaking them off is going to be a little tricky."


[6] "He's not giving away anything," Illuna says. "Look at the screen. They're clearly preparing for a ceremony of some kind. The king and Eiden are both staying silent, while the man in robes is chanting obscure mantras and smacking the ground repeatedly with his scepter. I recommend that we ignore them and keep following Melindra towards our destination. This ceremony of theirs is probably going to take a long time."

"Yes, well, you see..." Melindra says. "The thing is that it's been a while since I last visited this plaza, and I don't really remember which way we're supposed to go from here. They've changed so many things with the architecture that nothing looks the same anymore, and it's all very confusing. Just... give me a minute, and I'm sure I'll figure it out."


[7] The man who is of higher rank is also the oldest one in the group, looking like he's over sixty years of age, with long white hair and quite a few wrinkles on his face. Just like the bulky man in their group, he is not holding any weapons, although if I were to take a guess, I'd say that's because he probably uses only magic when he fights, as opposed to his muscular companion, who most likely prefers to fight with his fists.

As the men notice us, they begin to slowly head in our direction, while looking straight at us.

"By the looks of those uniforms, these are likely the king's royal guards," Melindra tells us in a low voice. "Be cautious. They're all heavily suppressing their auras, so I can't tell just how strong they are."

"Well, if it isn't my good old friend, Hadrik!" the bulky man says, with a smirk. "Somehow, I had a feeling that you'd also be participating in this tournament."


[8] "Even if you hadn't asked me, I still wouldn't have joined the fight," the dark-skinned royal guard says. "Our orders from the king were to defend the plaza from any possible attackers, not to pick random fights with outsiders. If these people truly are lawbreakers, then let the city guards deal with them. Why should we have to get involved?"

"Do you two not realize that this is insubordination?!" the captain says. "I'm ordering you right now to fight as a team, or I will make sure you'll face the consequences!"

"Zip it," Gontrok says. "I don't have to listen to you. I only take orders from the king. If you don't like the way I'm handling things, then go file a complaint. Meanwhile, I'll be starting off by quickly disposing of my good old friend over there."

"You really think you can take me on by yourself?" Hadrik asks, with a somewhat forced grin.

"Perhaps you've forgotten, Hadrik," Gontrok says, "but I've learned many of the weaknesses in your combat style, back when we were sparring repeatedly in our homeland. You likely learned many of my weaknesses too, but I've worked hard to overcome them since then, and I've already changed my combat style dramatically in these last years. But the question is... did you change yours?"


[9] As everyone else is fighting, the dark-skinned guard stays true to his word, and he only watches everyone from afar, leaning against a wall with his arms crossed and with a rather unimpressed look on his face. Gontrok, on the other hand, is now slowly approaching Daren and me, while Hadrik is still nowhere to be found.

"Stay behind me, Barry," Daren says, as he raises his shield up.

"Hey, I know you!" Gontrok says. "You're the healer in armor. Wow, this is great! I've always wanted to test my skills against a world-renowned hero. Let's see how well those legends will hold up against the might of a real warrior, shall we?"

He then runs towards Daren, and he attempts to punch him directly, but the healer in armor anticipates his movements and steps to the side, letting the giant punch only empty air. Before Gontrok regains his footing, Daren quickly counter-attacks with a well-timed slash of his blade, although it seems that he wasn't fast enough, and somehow his adversary still had enough time to make a big jump backwards, and to get away unharmed.

"That's not half-bad!" Gontrok says, as Daren rushes towards him. "But it's going to take more than that to defeat a giant."


[10] Just as I'm trying to figure out what strategy to use, a sudden thought crosses my mind. Didn't I hear the captain and the giant having a fight in that alleyway before they came here? They were definitely not on good terms with each other. In fact, it felt like they were a moment away from jumping at each other's throats. I wonder what would happen if I tried to stir the pot a little?


[11] Just as I'm trying to figure out what strategy to use, a sudden thought crosses my mind. Didn't that green-eyed drone tell me earlier that the captain doesn't trust the new recruits? It even went as far as suggesting that I could use this conflict of theirs to my advantage in a fight. From what I understood, the problem they're having is that the captain thinks Gontrok and the other guy are planning to steal from their treasury. I wonder what would happen if I tried to stir the pot a little?


[12] When I reach a somewhat lower altitude, I suddenly feel a very powerful invisible force pushing me downwards, and I soon find myself crashing into the ground, completely unable to move. While I am still trying to raise myself from the ground without any success, Gontrok lands somewhere close beside me, retracting both of his wyvern wings until they disappear completely, and he looks at his captain, with a resentful look in his eyes.

"Just what exactly do you think you're doing, captain?..." Gontrok asks.

I move my head a little so I can take a better look at my surroundings and I realize that while I've been fighting the giant, Leila had also been subdued and now everyone who was fighting the captain earlier is being pushed against the ground, unable to get back up.


[13] Damn it... He only partially shapeshifted himself in order to keep his giant's strength and durability, while taking advantage of a wyvern's high mobility. I didn't even know such a thing was possible. So much for my aerial superiority, I guess...

What follows is an intense battle of wits and aerial maneuvering, as each one of us tries to get the upper hand on their adversary by attempting to anticipate their movements. Once again, it seems that my piloting skills are paying off, because for the most part, I appear to be the one driving Gontrok into a corner and not the other way around. That being said, I still can't seem to be able to land a hit on him, and as the battle prolongs itself I am getting increasingly worried that the giant might decide to pull another trick out of his sleeve, so he can gain the upper hand yet again.

As I reach a somewhat lower altitude, I suddenly feel a very powerful invisible force pushing me downwards, and I soon find myself crashing into the ground, completely unable to move. While I am still trying to raise myself from the ground without any success, Gontrok lands somewhere close beside me, retracting both of his wyvern wings until they disappear completely, and he looks at his captain, with a resentful look in his eyes.

"Just what exactly do you think you're doing, captain?..." Gontrok asks.

I move my head a little so I can take a better look at my surroundings and I realize that while I've been fighting the giant, Leila had also been subdued and now everyone who was fighting the captain earlier is being pushed against the ground, unable to get back up.


[14] The giant then puts both his hands on the ground, and he pushes with such strength that the stones crack beneath him, while he manages to slowly raise himself up, with great difficulty. He then begins walking very slowly towards the captain, as every single one of his steps creates a small hole in the ground, due to all the pressure that is currently pushing him down.

"Just watch me!" Gontrok shouts very loudly, as he keeps advancing towards his captain, while clearly struggling to hold himself in an upright position. "Tournament spell or not, I am going to come over there and smash your teeth in, you arrogant son of a whore. I will show you what it means to mess with someone like-- wait did anyone else hear that?..."

All of a sudden, Gontrok turns to his right, putting his hands in front of him, and barely a moment later Hadrik flashes right past me, reaching his old friend in less than a second and punching him so hard that a shockwave of air hits us all in the face, when his fist collides with Gontrok's palms. Even though he did successfully block the attack, Gontrok does not manage to completely nullify the effects of the impact, and he gets thrown straight into a wall.

"You sure managed to knock me out cold for a while, there, Gontrok..." Hadrik says. "Luckily, your loud shouts from earlier were just what I needed to get woken up!"


[15] This is very bad. Neither of us can move at the moment, so no matter how long it takes him to reach us, as long as he gets here, we'll be completely defenseless against him. Melindra has not been immobilized, but she cannot attack the captain at all, because he is a local, and Daren seems to have been injured too severely to be able to heal himself right away.

As the captain stops for a little bit, to make sure that he does not accidentally break his concentration on the spell that's pushing us down, Arraka, who had been notably silent until this point, finally snaps.

"What the hell is WRONG with you people?!" she shouts. "Is this what I've been training you for? To get offed by a frail old man, crawling towards you with a small dagger? Were you not going to challenge the gods?! How can you all be so incredibly useless?"

"This frail old man is using a spell that I've only seen being cast by Eiden and the God of Time before!" I say. "Are you seriously going to claim that we're fighting just some plain old mage, here?"


[16] "Do not worry, Creator!" the king says. "We will show you that our kingdom is strong enough to face any danger! In fact, I will call upon my most skilled guards, so that this problem will get solved as quickly as possible. You see, I have this device here in my pocket which I am to use only in the case of an extreme emergency, and as soon as I press on this button, all of the royal guards will be teleported near my position."

"No..." Gontrok says, in disbelief. "He wouldn't!"

"Interrupt the transmission!" the king says, as he presses on the button of his device. "We'll have to resume the ceremony at some other time."

As the big holographic screen slowly disappears, the three royal guards are all being enveloped by a white light, which means that they are only seconds away from being teleported out of the area.

"Damn it!" Gontrok says, as the white light surrounding him is becoming more intense. "You stupid king! I can't believe--"

Before the giant gets to finish his sentence, he and the two other guards all get teleported away from us, and as a result, the invisible force that had been pinning us to the ground finally disappears. As we get up, Hadrik begins to walk towards us, and when he approaches us we see that he is full of bruises, and that one of his cheeks is red and swollen.

"So..." Hadrik says. "An explosion, huh? I wonder what that was all about..."

