
[1] 

[2] I realize my hands have gone cold and my whole body is shaking. I need to pull myself back together. If I screw this up, we'll all get slaughtered. 

"Let him go!" I tell Eiden, trying to sound as confident as possible.

"You want to save your friend, Barry? Then how about we make it an even trade? Your life for his. I promise I'll leave your friend alone if you give your life for him. What do you say?"


[3] I realize my hands have gone cold and my whole body is shaking. I need to pull myself back together. If I screw this up, we'll all get slaughtered. 

"Let him go!" I tell Eiden, trying to sound as confident as possible.

"You want to save your friend, Barry? Then how about we make it an even trade? Your life for his. I promise I'll leave your friend alone if you give your life for him. What do you say?"


[4] "I tire of this," says Eiden as he makes a gesture with his other hand.

In less than a second, Daren dropped to the ground like a log, his armor making a loud clank as it hit the rocky soil below.

"No!" I shout.

"I only put him to sleep," the stillwater says. "He'll wake up in a few minutes."

He turns to leave.

"Oh, and don't worry about looking for my friends. I'm sure you'll be meeting them soon enough."

He smiles again, and then he heads towards the woods.


[5] "Men! Ready your swords. Pull out your knives. This is what we came here for. Today, we write our names in history. Today, we become LEGENDS!"

Cutthroat Dave's men all give out a roar as they raise their hands holding their weapons in the air. Eiden's smile has widened. His expression is similar to what it was before he smashed Daren into the ground. He's enjoying this. They're going to get massacred.


[6] "Did you enjoy the show, Barry?" he asks me. His smile is gone from his face.

"It was quite the spectacle," I reply to him.

"That it was. It would appear the cutthroat had mistaken me for another stillwater. One who was associating with a healer. Quite an unfortunate misunderstanding. You wouldn't happen to know who they were looking for, would you Barry?"


[7] "We'll tie him up, leave him here, and let the gods decide his fate."

Kate looks as though she's considering whether to simply execute Cutthroat Dave without Daren's consent. She decides against it, probably not wanting to push her luck. Instead she addresses me.

"Barry, say something to him. He listens to you."


[8] "Tell me, what kind of a mailman dies before setting foot out of the post office? I have half a mind to file a complaint for your shoddy services."

"I'm... really sorry, I promise I'll do better next... time?"

"That's the spirit!" he says as he starts vanishing into thin air.

Once Eiden's outline is barely visible anymore, I hear his voice echo from the trees around me.

"Deliver my message, Barry.  And do not fail me again."


[9] "I have. But I don't suppose you're going to just give me the answer?"

"Of course not. Where would the fun in that be? But do not fret! As long as you remain on this continent, you will get your answers sooner or later."

He smiles.

"Well, then. I'll be waiting for you to deliver my message. Do not fail me, Barry."

With these last words he turns his back to me, and he disappears into the darkness of the forest.


[10] 