
[1] 

[2] "Okay, okay," I say. "Is anyone else using protection against paralysis?"

"Yes," Kate says. "I use the spell described in the latest 'Advanced Theory of Magic' book by Azarius."

"Alright," I say. "And you, Daren? Which protection are you using?"

"The golden one," Daren says. "The one that makes a spinning effect with sparkles when you cast it."


[3] "That's because the spell shocks you at faster intervals if it sees that you're trying to break free!" I say. "It doesn't work that way. You need to be relaxed, and to only try to escape at the very last second. Of course, you can't know how often it will shock you until you let yourself get shocked a few times, while counting the number of seconds for each interval. The intervals will not always be of the same length, but there will usually be a pattern that you can figure out. Once you're sure that you got the count right, you wait for the last moment, and only then you try to escape. Obviously, the easier way around this would be to use protection against electricity, but with the amount of energy it takes to keep that protection up and running, you'd have to be insane to use it at all times, on the off-chance that you'll get attacked by an electrical spell other than the standard ones."

"Uh," Hadrik says, "not that I want to interrupt you or anything, but we should really hurry up if we want to finish the game before Enrique is done with the feast preparations. We likely only have about twenty minutes left until the food is done, and everyone except Leila still has at least five cards left in their hands."


[4] "That's because the spell shocks you at faster intervals if it sees that you're trying to break free!" I say. "It doesn't work that way. You need to be relaxed, and to only try to escape at the very last second. Of course, you can't know how often it will shock you until you let yourself get shocked a few times, while counting the number of seconds for each interval. The intervals will not always be of the same length, but there will usually be a pattern that you can figure out. Once you're sure that you got the count right, you wait for the last moment, and only then you try to escape. Obviously, the easier way around this would be to use protection against electricity, but with the amount of energy it takes to keep that protection up and running, you'd have to be insane to use it at all times, on the off-chance that you'll get attacked by an electrical spell other than the standard ones."

"Uh," Hadrik says, "not that I want to interrupt you or anything, but we should really hurry up if we want to finish the game before Rose is done with the feast preparations. We likely only have about twenty minutes left until the food is done, and everyone except Leila still has at least five cards left in their hands."


[5] "The lessathi will be holding a meeting in about two hours from now," Golmyck says, "in a subterranean chamber situated not far from this castle. The main purpose of this meeting is to discuss the political implications of the earl of Ollendor's murder, and how it will affect them and the city of Thilias in the coming weeks. At first, this gathering was supposed to be held after your trial and execution. However, as I suspected, Eiden's intervention forced them to postpone it until after the end of the arena fights. Since you all managed to survive, I am quite certain that they will have a lot to discuss, especially regarding the reaction that Ollendor will be having to this unexpected turn of events. The meeting is mandatory for all the four lessathi who reside in this city, so you will have the opportunity to attack them all at once, without fearing that any of them will find out what happened to their comrades, and go into hiding."


[6] "What?..." Daren says, as he's trying to focus on his cards while listening to me. "Oh, yeah, I remember. What about it?"

"How many spells do you have that protect you against paralysis?" I say. 

"Just one," Daren says. "And the shield does not protect against paralysis, so it's not protection overload!"

"Okay, okay," I say. "Is anyone else using protection against paralysis?"

"Yes," Kate says. "I use the spell described in the latest 'Advanced Theory of Magic' book by Azarius."


[7] "Yeah, I very much doubt that I could have done that," Daren says, "since I was trying to break free of the spell's effect the whole time, and it didn't work."

"That's because the spell shocks you at faster intervals if it sees that you're trying to break free!" I say. "It doesn't work that way. You need to be relaxed, and to only try to escape at the very last second. Of course, you can't know how often it will shock you until you let yourself get shocked a few times, while counting the number of seconds for each interval. The intervals will not always be of the same length, but there will usually be a pattern that you can figure out. Once you're sure that you got the count right, you wait for the last moment, and only then you try to escape. Obviously, the easier way around this would be to use protection against electricity, but with the amount of energy it takes to keep that protection up and running, you'd have to be insane to use it at all times, on the off-chance that you'll get attacked by an electrical spell other than the standard ones."


[8] "Yes," Daren says, as Hadrik heads towards the wall that leads to the secret tunnel. "As long as we know which wall leads to the tunnel, finding the secret lever that opens it up shouldn't be that--"

Before Daren gets to finish his sentence, Hadrik reaches the wall, and he punches right through it, making it crumble into pieces. 

"Seriously..." Daren says, as he smacks his forehead with the palm of his hand. "Do you have to do this every single time?"

"Relax!" Hadrik says. "The lessathi are too far away to hear a mere few rocks crumbling down, and if there really are guards on the other side, it's not like we'd have any way to sneak past them. It's a direct path to the lessathi headquarters from here. No way around."

"Fine, let's keep going," Daren says. "We'll see what happens, when it happens."


[9] "Barry!" Daren whispers. "Over here!"

As I take a look towards Daren, I realize that while I was listening to the lessathi conversation, we'd already reached our destination. The corridor that we are currently in and the corridor that we left from seem to both reunite in this point, and they lead to a much narrower hallway, which has a door at the end. On the other side of the door, the lessathi are still holding their meeting, and they don't seem to have noticed us.

I join Daren and the others into the narrow hallway, and we prepare to storm the meeting room, on his signal.


[10] "Alright," the king says. "Remember to not say anything about your secret mission while you are outside this room. The lessathi may be dead, but their spies are still alive and kicking. Many of them will probably leave the city as soon as they find out that they no longer have any employers to pay them, but some of the more loyal ones may seek revenge, and you wouldn't want to get yourself or your friends targeted by any of these assassins. I will have my own spies and assassins deal with these more loyal followers of the lessathi in due time, but for now, we should all be careful."

"Yeah, we'll be careful," Daren says. 

"Good luck on your travels," Golmyck says. "And remember that you will always be welcome to Thilias, should you choose to visit this city again!"

