
[1] 

[2] "No," I say. "There are plenty of spells with similar sounding chants, and that's never caused a conflict as far as I know. It has to be something else. Something obvious I'm missing. I'm going to start again, from the beginning, to see if I didn't skip an important detail somewhere, or something."

"Oh, come on!" Daren says, exasperated. "Hasn't it crossed your mind that maybe Eiden was just pulling your leg back there? Why would he even tell you his weakness? What possible reason could he have to do such a thing?"


[3] "White mages have advanced versions of the shield spell," Daren says. "They are a lot more cost effective. And I'm not weak against enchanted weapons, specifically. I'm vulnerable against all types of physical damage. Remember that time when the captain from the ogre fort hit me with a club and threw me into a wall? I've tried many kinds of protection spells against physical damage, but none of them seem to work for me. The only one that kind of works is the shield spell, but it's barely even working against regular weapons, let alone enchanted ones. Enchanting my armor to be as durable as possible was the only way I found to give me some measure of protection against these types of attacks."

"Huh," Hadrik says. "That's odd. Do you suppose it could have anything to do with the spirit from the magical plane that Arraka said you are linked with? Like, maybe the spirit is allergic to earth matter, or something? Barry, what do you think?"


[4] "It has everything to do with them!" I say. "What the hell, man? Haven't you read any of the books in the 'Advanced Theory of Magic' series, written by Azarius?"

"Hey," Daren says, "some of us didn't spend the entirety of our lives nerding it up in libraries. Everything that I've learned about magic, I've learned from my teachers."

"Well, in that case, your teachers are all a bunch of idiots!" I say.

"You take that back!" Daren says. "My white magic teacher was an ex-sage. Do you have any idea how hard it is to become a sage when you only specialize in white magic, without any sort of combat training?"

"Not hard enough, apparently," I tell him.

"Gods be damned!" Daren says. "Do you have no respect at all for the work it takes to--"

"What's going on, here?" Kate asks us, as her and Leila are slowly approaching us, with some shopping bags in their hands. "What are you two arguing about again?"

"Barry is refusing to acknowledge the effort that is required to--" Daren starts to say, but I interrupt him.

"Never mind, that!" I say. "Daren, can you tell me which kind of shield spell you are using, exactly? Is it the newer one that gives an advantage against physical attacks?"


[5] "I know a sleep spell," Illuna says. "It takes a while to cast, and I need to touch him while I do it, but it should be more than enough for what we need."

"Perfect!" I say. "Here are the diagrams. You need to make sure to time your sleep spell just right, and to aim it at the exact point where the two aura flows intersect."

"Yes, I know how it works," Illuna says, as she takes one quick look at the diagrams, and then she heads towards Daren.

"Oh, this should be good," Daren says.

Once Illuna reaches Daren, she places the palm of her hand on his right arm, and she closes her eyes, trying to visualize the flows of the auras.

"See?" Daren says, after about five seconds of waiting for Illuna to cast her spell. "I told you that you're wasting your time by--"

Daren does not get to finish what he was saying, because his eyes suddenly roll to the back of his head, and he falls to the ground, like a log.


[6] "No!" Daren says. "I'm not letting go of the shield! I've worked too hard to learn it! I'd rather give up that other protection spell than stop using the shield."

"Suit yourself," I say. "The sleep protection from your shield is a little weaker than the individual one, though."

"I don't care!" Daren says.

"Well, as long as you make sure that there are no more conflicts..." I say.

I pause for a few seconds.

"So, I guess that now I am the only one left without proper protection against sleep spells, then..." I say.


[7] "Damn it!" I say, as I feel the world spinning around me. "I may as well be put to sleep for all the difference this would make in a fight. I can't even tell up from down anymore. What's happening right now? Am I still standing up?"

"Nah," Hadrik says. "You're sitting with your arse on the ground, while grabbing your head with both your hands."

All of a sudden, I feel my mind become clear again, and as I raise my head, I see Illuna standing in front of me, with her hand on my forehead.

"What did you do?" I ask her.

"I cast a spell to cure your dizziness," Illuna says, as she takes her hand off my forehead. "I also have a 'protection from dizziness' spell that I can cast on you, if you want. Given your partial immunity to sleep spells, protection from dizziness should help you both against sleep spells and against spells that attempt to disorient you. There is also a downside, however. While you have this spell cast on yourself, you will be a lot more vulnerable to suggestion magic, since the clarity of your thoughts will make it easier for someone to magically insert ideas into your brain. If I cast the protection spell on you now, it should last you for a few weeks, but there would be no problem in recasting it every day or so, to be safe."


[8] "Drop it," Daren says.

"Fine, fine," I say. "I guess we're all done here, then? Should we get moving?"

"Hold on," Kate says. "Leila still needs to get her new backpack enchanted. We can't just walk with these bags in our hands, all the way to the palace."

"Alright," Daren says. "Give me the backpack. I'll enchant it right away."

As soon as Daren is done with the backpack and Leila puts all of her clothes inside it, we all leave the market area, and we make our way towards the castle of Thilias once more. As we walk, we begin to tell Kate and Leila about everything that happened with Eiden while they were shopping. I also take this opportunity to give everyone more details about my private discussion with Eiden, during his time freezing spell.


[9] "That's not all," I say. "Eiden specifically told us that this calamity would only happen 'shortly' before the end of the tournament. This means that he is expecting the tournament to play a part in triggering this calamity, somehow."

"Maybe the dragon will be waiting for most of the tournament participants to die out, before he begins his attack?" Hadrik says.

"That's definitely possible," I say. "I'm guessing that the cities of Varathia already have their own defenses against Tyrath's armies, and he's also got the animals to worry about. It would be a pretty bad idea for him to unleash his armies now, when there are mages wandering around the continent, capable of slaughtering hundreds of monsters without much effort."


[10] "Shut up," I say. "I know I can't do it all by myself. I only said that on the spur of the moment, because Eiden was pissing me off with his defeatist attitude. Luckily, I've got a friend who's a well-known legendary mage that might be able to lend me a hand, if things get too rough. He can't cast a proper shield spell to save his life, and he sucks at magical theory, but at least he's decent enough with a sword and shield."

"Hey, now, is that any way to ask someone for a favor?" Daren says, with a grin. "Where's the head bow? Where's the pleading tone in your voice? Remember, you're speaking with one of the most renowned heroes in the world, here."


[11] "Hah!" Arraka says. "Now there's something I would love to see: Eiden getting beaten by his own tricks."

"Let's not be too hasty," Daren says. "Barry only figured out two of his tricks so far. I'm guessing Eiden would know hundreds of them after his long life as a stillwater. Anyway, I'd say we've talked enough about Eiden. Let's pick up our pace. We've spent quite a bit of time in that marketplace, so we'd better hurry up if we don't want to leave the king waiting."

It takes us about another hour to finally reach the front gate of the king's palace. The king's servant was waiting for us at the entrance, and as soon as we get within hearing range of him, he announces that Golmyck is currently waiting for us inside. As we make our way into the throne room, we see that the gnome is sitting on the floor, on all fours, with a wrench in his hand, trying to adjust the height of his throne.


[12] He goes to pull the lever behind the throne, and the path towards his secret subterranean room opens up once more, just like the last time when we've visited the castle.

"Barry, as usual, the throne room is in your care until I return," Golmyck says.

"Yes, your highness," the king's servant says.

"Barry?" Leila writes, looking very confused.

"Yeah, that's what the king's servant is named," Hadrik says, while we go down the stairs towards the secret room. "Isn't that hilarious? We've been joking about it for hours after the last time we came here."

"I see..." Leila writes.

When we reach the subterranean chamber, the king lays out a few papers on his desk, and he begins to stamp them, one by one.


[13] "Hmm..." Golmyck says, as he rubs his chin. "There is something that I don't fully understand, here. Perhaps you could clarify it for me. What exactly is your affiliation with Eiden? He has personally intervened to save your lives before, and I see that you know him well enough to have private discussions with him, but I can't tell in what way you are connected to him. Have any of you been acquainted with him from before you came to Varathia?"

"No," Daren says. "We all met him here for the first time."

"Then why is he so fixated on you, and not on any of the other participants?" Golmyck says. "Surely you cannot be the only unique group that has joined this tournament?"


[14] Given that we still needed to wait quite a bit until the cooking was done, Hadrik pulled a deck of cards out of his backpack, and we all sat ourselves down at one of the picnic tables in the mansion's yard, to play a game that Hadrik learned during his time spent in dwarven taverns. Apparently, one of the original rules of the game was that a player needed to take a sip of dwarven ale every time they lost a hand, but we decided to scrap this rule, because we didn't want to get drunk before the feast even began.

The game involved a lot of bluffing, so it was no surprise that Leila was the one who came out on top, given that she could read auras, to tell if someone was lying. Since I was the one she could get a read on the easiest because of my 'spiky' aura, I eventually got tired of losing every single match, and I decided to take a break to read my notebook some more, in the hopes of finding more loopholes that Eiden might be using.

"Hey, Daren," I say, after reading through the notebook for some time. "Remember that one time when Eiden paralyzed every one of you? Right before he teleported us in front of Thilias?"

"What?..." Daren says, as he's trying to focus on his cards while listening to me. "Oh, yeah, I remember. What about it?"

"How many spells do you have that protect you against paralysis?" I say. 

"Just one," Daren says. "And the shield does not protect against paralysis, so it's not protection overload!"


[15] "I doubt it," I say. "The spell that he used seemed to have certain rules and limitations, which would not have been the case if he could have used electricity freely, as an element. The electric spell that he used to paralyze you felt extremely similar to a spell that I had access to, back when I had my stat device powered up, so it's likely the same one. I don't remember every single detail about it, but it was one of those spells that you could only cast once a day, and I know for sure that one major drawback of the spell was the fact that the area of effect was extremely small. I mean, you could pretty much just roll over to the side, and the following electrical currents would not target you anymore. The only reason why it worked against you was because you three happened to be standing very close together, and because you didn't know what kind of spell you were up against. If you knew how it worked, then you could have just gotten out of the way at the exact moment before a new electrical current hit you, since the effect of the paralysis wears off a bit, right before each new shock."

"Yeah, I very much doubt that I could have done that," Daren says, "since I was trying to break free of the spell's effect the whole time, and it didn't work."


[16] "You want to kill all the lessathi in this city?" Leila writes, shocked. "You can't! If you kill any one of them, the others will find out, and they will send back word to their main headquarters. You will become one of their main targets!"

"I would be surprised if I weren't already one of the lessathi's main targets," Kate says. "They should know very well who I am."

"Actually, the lessathi will not have the time to contact their main headquarters," Golmyck says, as we all turn towards him. "When I accepted your help, it was because I already had an idea of how you could deal with this problem in a timely manner, without it affecting your tournament schedule. There would have been no use in requesting your aid if there wasn't a quick way to deal with all of the lessathi at the same time, before they get the chance to alert their allies."

"What do you mean?" Hadrik says.


[17] "Oh," Golmyck says, smiling. "It's because my servant is a traitor. He's been working with the lessathi for years. That's why I never let him inside my private room."

"A traitor?" Hadrik asks, shocked. "What the hell, man? If you've known that he's a traitor for so long, then why do you still keep him around?"

"It's because Barry has never been very smart," Golmyck says. "He is extremely easy to read, and he also never manages to realize when he's being followed. I'd much rather have him as a plant, than someone who would be smart enough to actually fool me. And this way, I get to find out useful information about the lessathi, such as the exact hour and location of their meeting today. It's very convenient. All I need to do is let slip some seemingly sensitive, but ultimately useless information to him every once in a while, to avoid suspicion, and I get to have my own spy in the lessathi organization, with minimal effort on my part."


[18] "Arraka, can you--" Illuna starts to say, but she gets interrupted.

"Yeah, yeah, I've got it," Arraka says. "Hold on a sec."

She then conjures a detailed hologram of the underground tunnels, although the map seems to be a little different from how she usually draws it. The lines that represent the edges of the corridors are no longer all drawn in the same color. Some of them are blue, while others are green.

"Is there any reason why you decided to use a different color for some of the corridors?" I say.

"Yeah, the green tunnels are the ones that I can't actually detect with my magical sense," Arraka says. "I only put them there because they're on the map. They probably have walls and ceilings made of seredium, which block my magical sense. I have no idea if there are people walking through them, or if they can even be accessed at all. The path to your destination doesn't have any seredium on it, though, so at the very least you can be sure that you won't encounter any guards on your way there."


[19] "There you go," the king says. "These papers should be enough to absolve you of your crimes, no matter where you go in Varathia. Now, if there's nothing else you need from me, I will be resuming my work on the lessathi device that was supposed to send you the instructions related to the tournament's objectives, telepathically. I've been trying to get it fixed for more than a week, but I still can't figure out what's wrong with it, so you can imagine how frustrating this has been for me."

As Golmyck goes to work on his device, Hadrik puts down his backpack, and he reaches within it, to pull out a deck of playing cards.

"So..." Hadrik says. "Anyone up for a game of cards?"

We spend the next hour or so playing a card game that Hadrik learned from dwarven taverns. Apparently, one of the original rules of the game was that a player needed to take a sip of dwarven ale every time they lost a hand, but we had to scrap this rule for obvious reasons. The game involved a lot of bluffing, so it was no surprise that Leila was the one who came out on top, given that she could read auras, to tell if someone was lying. Since I was the one she could get a read on the easiest because of my 'spiky' aura, I eventually got tired of losing every single match, and I decided to take a break to read my notebook some more, in the hopes of finding more loopholes that Eiden might be using.

"Hey, Daren," I say, after reading through the notebook for some time. "Remember that one time when Eiden paralyzed every one of you? Right before he teleported us in front of Thilias?"


[20] "Come to think of it, yeah!" Daren says. "I did feel some electric shocks. But they didn't feel much different from the feeling you get from a normal paralysis, so I didn't really notice the difference at the time. But does this mean that Eiden can use electricity as an element, like Kate's friend?"

"I doubt it," I say. "The spell that he used seemed to have certain rules and limitations, which would not have been the case if he could have used electricity freely, as an element. The electric spell that he used to paralyze you felt extremely similar to a spell that I had access to, back when I had my stat device powered up, so it's likely the same one. I don't remember every single detail about it, but it was one of those spells that you could only cast once a day, and I know for sure that one major drawback of the spell was the fact that the area of effect was extremely small. I mean, you could pretty much just roll over to the side, and the following electrical currents would not target you anymore. The only reason why it worked against you was because you three happened to be standing very close together, and because you didn't know what kind of spell you were up against. If you knew how it worked, then you could have just gotten out of the way at the exact moment before a new electrical current hit you, since the effect of the paralysis wears off a bit, right before each new shock."


[21] We travel through the corridors for a few minutes, making sure to carefully follow the directions that the king gave us, while periodically asking Arraka if she doesn't sense any guards on our way to the lessathi headquarters.

"Look, the lessathi are starting their meeting!" Flower says, as she points towards several green dots that are now moving inside the lessathi headquarters from Arraka's hologram.

"A little earlier than they were supposed to, but not by much," Daren says, as he also looks towards the hologram in front of Flower. "We should still make it there before they finish. It won't be long until we reach the last corridor, and then we should be able to see the entrance to their lair. I'm still feeling a little uneasy about all of these empty tunnels, though. I can't help but feel that we're walking into a trap of some kind."

"Don't be so pessimistic, Daren," Hadrik says. "The king said that the lessathi don't know about his hidden trapdoor, so it's normal that they wouldn't have anyone in charge of guarding these areas. Maybe they'll have some guards posted in front of their meeting hall, and that will put your worries to rest."


[22] We travel through the corridors for a few minutes, making sure to carefully follow the directions that the king gave us, while periodically asking Arraka if she doesn't sense any guards on our way to the lessathi headquarters.

"Look, the lessathi are starting their meeting!" Flower says, as she points towards several green dots that are now moving inside the lessathi headquarters from Arraka's hologram.

"A little earlier than they were supposed to, but not by much," Daren says, as he also looks towards the hologram in front of Flower. "We should still make it there before they finish. It won't be long until we reach the last corridor, and then--"

He stops in his tracks, as he looks towards the hologram, with a thoughtful expression on his face.


[23] "Daren, why are you so interested in that tunnel, all of a sudden?" Hadrik says. "Why can't we just go on the path that we were already following?"

"I don't know..." Daren says. "It's just that these completely empty tunnels are giving me an uneasy feeling. I get that the lessathi already posted guards at all the entrances they know of, but to not encounter any sort of resistance on our way to their headquarters seems way too... convenient."


[24] "They're probably onto us," Daren says. "The king already told us that the lessathi have listening devices inside the throne room, which means that they should be aware that we've visited Golmyck's secret room twice so far. Even if they don't know about the hidden trapdoor, they still have good reason to be cautious."

"Yeah, but to risk blowing up this whole corridor based on a simple hunch..." Hadrik says. "I don't know, I'm finding it a bit hard to believe. Barry, are you sure that your thingamajig isn't malfunctioning somehow? I mean, you don't have any guarantee that those premonitions will always come true, do you?"


[25] "Huh?" Arraka asks. "Oh, I do, actually... Hold on, let me add them to the hologram."

A few seconds after she's done talking, three more blue corridors appear on the hologram that is floating in front of her amulet.

"Hey, look," I say, "one of those corridors seems to link the tunnel we're currently in with one of the seredium tunnels. And that tunnel also leads towards the lessathi headquarters."

"Yeah, but I can't guarantee that the seredium tunnel is currently functional," Arraka says. "Like I said before, I only put it there because it was on the gnome's map. I can't sense anything inside it. It may as well be filled with guards, for all I know."

"Well, it's better than nothing," I say. "Which wall leads to the secret tunnel? That one?"

I then point towards a specific area on the wall to our right, while waiting for Arraka's answer.

"Uh-huh," Arraka says.

"Alright," Hadrik says. "Well, in that case, I'll go open the path for us."


[26] Before Daren gets to finish his sentence, Hadrik reaches the wall, and he punches right through it, making it crumble into pieces. 

"Seriously..." Daren says, as he smacks his forehead with the palm of his hand. "Do you have to do this every single time?"

"Relax!" Hadrik says. "The lessathi are too far away to hear us, and if there really are guards on the other side, it's not like we'd have any way to sneak past them. It's a direct path to the lessathi headquarters from here. No way around."

"Fine, let's keep going," Daren says. "We'll see soon enough if choosing this path was a mistake or not."


[27] "Yes," Daren says, as Hadrik heads towards the wall that leads to the secret tunnel. "As long as we know which wall leads to the tunnel, finding the secret lever that opens it up shouldn't be that--"

Before Daren gets to finish his sentence, Hadrik reaches the wall, and he punches right through it, making it crumble into pieces. 

"Seriously..." Daren says, as he smacks his forehead with the palm of his hand. "Do you have to do this every single time?"

"Relax!" Hadrik says. "The lessathi are too far away to hear a mere few rocks crumbling down, and if there really are guards on the other side, it's not like we'd have any way to sneak past them. It's a direct path to the lessathi headquarters from here. No way around."

"Fine, let's keep going," Daren says. "We'll see what happens, when it happens."


[28] "That does indeed seem like our only alternative," says the soft-spoken lessathi who visited my cell, in the lessathi language. "Ollendor has already been isolated from most of Varathia, so the rest of the kingdoms will most likely not care if Thilias decides to cut all diplomatic ties with Ollendor as well. The gnome is probably going to do this either way, so there should be no reason for us to intervene."

"Ollendor is the least of our worries, right now," says another lessathi. "Do you have any idea how many mages have died since the beginning of this tournament? This is why I've insisted from the very beginning that the tournament should have had a rule to prohibit the mages from killing each other unless the rules of the tournament explicitly required them to!"

"We've talked about this before," the soft-spoken lessathi says, in a calm tone. "The kings would not agree to it, remember? They said that it was against Varathian tradition to impose such a rule in a tournament, even if the participants are all outsiders."

"To hell with the kings and their outdated traditions!" the other lessathi says. "Don't you understand? They've ruined everything! Why did I even bother to sabotage the telepathic device meant to transmit the objectives, if the mages were going to kill each other before the first round anyway?"

"You've been complaining about this in every single meeting we've had since the beginning of the tournament," another lessathi says. "Give it a rest, already. What's done is done. Let's just focus on the present, shall we?"


[29] Sadly, they appear to be speaking in the lessathi language, so I can't understand anything of what they're saying.

It takes us about another minute to finally reach our destination. The corridor that we are currently in and the corridor that we left from seem to both reunite in this point, and they lead to a much narrower hallway, which has a door at the end. On the other side of the door, the lessathi are still holding their meeting, and they don't seem to have noticed us.

"Barry!" Daren whispers. "Over here!"

I join Daren and the others into the narrow hallway, and we prepare to storm the meeting room, on his signal.


[30] It takes us about another minute to finally reach our destination. The corridor that we are currently in and the corridor that we left from seem to both reunite in this point, and they lead to a much narrower hallway, which has a door at the end. On the other side of the door, the lessathi are still holding their meeting, and they don't seem to have noticed us.

"Barry!" Daren whispers. "Over here!"

I join Daren and the others into the narrow hallway, and we prepare to storm the meeting room, on his signal.


[31] "They can't answer you, you idiot," says another lessathi, in the lessathi language. "This spell paralyzes them completely. They are unable to talk."

"Where are your manners?" the soft-spoken lessathi says, in the Common language. "These are our guests! We should all speak in the Common language, so they can understand us."

"Is this supposed to be some sort of joke?" the lessathi from before says, still in the lessathi language. "You've always had a bad sense of humor."

"Well, it doesn't matter if you want to speak in Common or not," the soft-spoken lessathi says. "We don't need more than one person to interrogate them anyway."


[32] One of the other lessathi says something to the lessathi from earlier. He is, however, speaking in the lessathi language, so I can't understand a word he's saying.

"Where are your manners?" the soft-spoken lessathi says, in the Common language. "These are our guests! We should all speak in the Common language, so they can understand us."

The lessathi from before speaks again, but he ignores the other's request, and keeps using the lessathi language.

"Well, it doesn't matter if you want to speak in Common or not," the soft-spoken lessathi says. "We don't need more than one person to interrogate them anyway."


[33] These cocky bastards. They're using Eiden's paralysis spell. I'm sure of it. This narrow corridor is the perfect place to set up such a trap. And the periodic shocks I'm getting are definitely electric in nature. Due to my partial resistance to electricity that I get from being a lessathi, it should be easy enough for me to find the right time window to spring out of the spell's area of effect, and I'm pretty sure that Leila is in the same situation as me. The others might take a bit longer to get the timing right, though, since the windows they'll get will be extremely short.

As I lie there on the ground, a very small, barely noticeable, semi-transparent message appears right in front of my eyes, written in blue text.

"Don't free yourself yet," Leila's text says. "Wait for the others to get accustomed to the shocks. I'm also sending this message to everyone else. I'll give the signal, so we can all free ourselves together, at the exact same moment."


[34] He then walks towards me, getting within range of the electrical shock spell, but he doesn't seem to be affected by it. Could he be using some trinket that gives him protection against electricity?

"This is the one that I'm interested in talking to," the lessathi says, as he gets closer to me. "I honestly wasn't expecting to see you again, fellow lessathi. You are tenacious, I'll give you that. Well, no matter. This isn't important. What's important is how you managed to reach our location in one piece. Tell me, was it Golmyck that gave you the map of the underground tunnels? How were you able to avoid the explosion trap?"


[35] The soft-spoken lessathi was not looking at me, and my attack takes him completely by surprise. He tries to jump backwards, but it's too late, and I manage to slit his throat in one single movement. At the exact same time, Leila also jumps at the scythes-wielding lessathi, and she twists a knife into his heart before he gets the time to react. 

A mere second later, before the other two lessathi even have the time to understand what is going on, Kate jumps backwards, getting out of the trap's range, and she extends her arm, pointing her palm towards one of the lessathi, who is wielding a trident-like weapon. An ice cone then shoots out of her palm and impales the lessathi right in the head. Daren, Hadrik and Flower are, however, still lying on the ground, paralyzed, which means that they must have messed up their timing.


[36] " 'Help me, Barry' ?" she says. "Seriously? When's the last time you've seen Leila play the damsel in distress? Especially against a weakling such as this?"

"Hold on," I say. "You're not going to tell me that Leila's call for help was the only thing that led you to believe that she was in fact the lessathi, are you?"

"Actually, that is exactly what I'm going to tell you," Kate says.

"But what if you were wrong?" I ask her, shocked.

"Then Daren would have had to cast an extra healing spell," Kate says. "I made sure to not hit any vital spots with my first few cones, just in case, so there would have been no lasting damage."

"Wow..." I say. "Uh... I'm not sure how to react to this."

"Just react like you always do," Kate says. "With a quip."

She pauses, as she sees Daren and the others starting to free themselves from the effects of the paralysis trap.

"Come on," Kate says. "We should search their headquarters and see if we can find anything useful. With a little luck, I might find some information about Diane."


[37] "You know..." I tell Kate, as we prepare to exit the headquarters. "You could have left that last lessathi alive, in order to interrogate him. You already had him more or less immobilized, with that first set of ice cones that you shot in his abdomen, so he shouldn't have been much of a threat."

"I didn't want to risk it," Kate says. "That lessathi was practically the illusionist of their group, and he may well have had other tricks up his sleeve. It's never a good idea to leave illusionists alive after a fight."

"What do you guys think... should we take these weapons with us?" Hadrik says, as we pass the lessathi's corpses.

"Oh, we definitely should be taking them," I say. "I could totally use one of these!"

I then take the emerald encrusted shield from the ground and I start swinging it up and down, in an attempt to cast a spell with it.

"Hmm..." I say. "I don't recall that lessathi uttering any incantations before he cast his illusion spell or before casting the flash of light that he used to hide the illusion from us. Maybe there's a hidden button or something I'm missing?"

"Let's take these to king Golmyck," Daren says. "He's a tinkerer. He should be able to make sense of how these weapons work."


[38] "Well, the shield is made to be strapped to your back when you travel for extended periods of time," Daren says. "These weapons don't have any straps, and the shield strap is not designed to hold any other weapons on it."

"You're both making this sound way more complicated than it really is," Hadrik says, as he picks up the lessathi trident. "There's no need to carry these all the way up with us. I can just throw them through the hatch."

He then shouts loudly, to make sure that Golmyck can hear him.

"Hey, Golmyck!" Hadrik shouts. "I'm going to throw some things your way! Some of them have pointy ends. Make sure you stay away from the trapdoor!"

The gnome gives us an okay sign with his hand, and then Hadrik starts tossing all of the weapons through the hatch. As soon as he's done, we all climb the extensive ladder, one by one, and once we reach the king's basement, the trapdoor closes itself back up, behind us.


[39] "Still... I wouldn't want you to leave empty-handed," the king says. "Hold on, I think I've got something that might be of use to you."

He then disappears under his workbench, and he reappears ten seconds later with a small device in his hand, which only has a screen and a button.

"This device will help you find out if someone is a lessathi or a human," Golmyck says. "You simply need to press this button while aiming the device at someone, and the writing that will appear on the screen will tell you whether they are a lessathi or not. I made it a long time ago, back when I couldn't differentiate between the auras of humans and lessathi with my magical sense. I haven't really used it in years, so you can have it if you want it."


[40] "Oh," I say. "Speaking of your devices, I just remembered that I overheard the lessathi say something important about that telepathic device of yours, while they were still in the meeting. It turns out that they are the ones who sabotaged the device, in order to delay the first round of the tournament. From what I could understand, it seemed that they had some sort of a plan that they needed to carry out until the beginning of the first round, and they needed as much time as possible to get it done properly, but things didn't really seem to work out in the end, because a lot more mages died than they were expecting, which messed up their plan, somehow."

"Hmm," Golmyck says. "I definitely remember them trying to convince the other kings to insert a rule in the tournament where the participants couldn't kill each other unless the rules explicitly required them to. So, it was sabotage, that caused the malfunction... That would explain why the device was behaving so erratically, no matter how many times I tried to tinker with it. How interesting. This information will certainly help me to fix the device faster. Thank you for letting me know!"

"You heard what the lessathi were discussing during their meeting?" Daren asks me.

"Yeah, I could hear them from far away, thanks to my hearing stat," I tell Daren, offhandedly. "So, anyway, I guess we should be taking our backpacks, then. It's getting late, and we still have a feast we need to attend to."


[41] "Oh," I say. "Speaking of your devices, I just remembered that I overheard the lessathi say something important about that telepathic device of yours, while they were still in the meeting. It turns out that they are the ones who sabotaged the device, in order to delay the first round of the tournament. From what I could understand, it seemed that they had some sort of a plan that they needed to carry out until the beginning of the first round, and they needed as much time as possible to get it done properly, but things didn't really seem to work out in the end, because a lot more mages died than they were expecting, which messed up their plan, somehow."

"Hmm," Golmyck says. "I definitely remember them trying to convince the other kings to insert a rule in the tournament where the participants couldn't kill each other unless the rules explicitly required them to. So, it was sabotage, that caused the malfunction... That would explain why the device was behaving so erratically, no matter how many times I tried to tinker with it. How interesting. This information will certainly help me to fix the device faster. Thank you for letting me know!"

"You heard what the lessathi were discussing during their meeting?" Daren asks me.

"Yeah, I could hear them from far away, thanks to my hearing stat," I tell Daren, offhandedly. "So, anyway, I guess we should be taking our backpacks, then. It's getting late, and we still have a feast we need to attend to."


[42] "So, they are completely useless, then?" I say.

"Not entirely," Golmyck says. "As weapons, they have no use, but if I disassemble them, I might just find some parts that I could use on some of my other devices."

"Well, I guess we should be taking our backpacks, then," I say. "It's getting late, and we still have a feast we need to attend to."


[43] "Well, it's no wonder," Golmyck says. "These weapons have clearly been designed to only work in the hands of the individuals that they were tailored for. If you don't have the exact aura signatures of the lessathi who were using these devices, I doubt that you could get any use out of them. This measure was probably taken in order to avoid having their enemies use their own weapons against them."

"So, they are completely useless, then?" I say.

"Not entirely," Golmyck says. "As weapons, they have no use, but if I disassemble them, I might just find some parts that I could use on some of my other devices."

"Well, I guess we should be taking our backpacks, then," I say. "It's getting late, and we still have a feast we need to attend to."


[44] We spend the next few hours eating, drinking, and celebrating our long-awaited release from the arena.

The food provided to us by the cooks actually did turn out to be on par with Flower's magically conceived delicacies, if not better. There were so many dishes on that table of which I'd never heard before, that it looked almost as if I were participating in a royal banquet of some kind. The cooks were initially all standing up in a line, in front of the table, waiting for us to order refills, but after a whole hour of Hadrik insisting that they join us for a drink, they eventually gave in, and began to slowly loosen up, as the effect of the dwarven ale was starting to set in. Towards the end of the celebration, Enrique made sure to supply us all with Rose's special herbs, so we could start fresh in the morning, without fear of any hangovers.


[45] We spend the next few hours eating, drinking, and celebrating our long-awaited release from the arena.

The food that Rose cooked for us was definitely tasty, but it had been a long time since we had the opportunity to taste any of Flower's delicacies, so in the end, our feast was a combination of homemade and magically conceived food. As usual, Hadrik was more than happy to provide us with the drinks for the occasion, and Rose also made sure to supply us with her special herbs, so we could start fresh in the morning, without fear of any hangovers.


[46] We all wave goodbye to Enrique and we set out to find the northern gate. After losing our way a few times, and having to ask the locals for directions on numerous occasions, we finally manage to reach our destination, just as the sun rises, and as we get a good look at the city gates, we see that Melindra was already waiting for us there, with her back leaning against a wall.

As she waves at us, to make sure that we've spotted her, we quicken our pace, and we get ready to finally take our first step towards our original goal. After so much sidetracking, and so many delays, at long last, we can get back to what we came here to do. Participating in the Magium Tournament.


[47] We all wave goodbye to Rose and we set out to find the northern gate. After losing our way a few times, and having to ask the locals for directions on numerous occasions, we finally manage to reach our destination, just as the sun rises, and as we get a good look at the city gates, we see that Melindra was already waiting for us there, with her back leaning against a wall.

As she waves at us, to make sure that we've spotted her, we quicken our pace, and we get ready to finally take our first step towards our original goal. After so much sidetracking, and so many delays, at long last, we can get back to what we came here to do. Participating in the Magium Tournament.

