
[1] 

[2] "Eiden!" Eleya shouts. "Eiden, don't you DARE!"

Eiden smiles and waves at the fox, as he pulls on the golden string, and both the light surrounding us and the fox's head quickly disappear, with a loud clinking noise.


[3] The girl is dressed in rags, but not the sort of rags that would be worn by the people we've seen so far in the Beggar's district. These clothes of hers look much more worn-down, and it doesn't appear like there's been any effort put into making them look aesthetically pleasing even when they were new. Leaving her clothes aside, what is really strange here is that the girl doesn't seem to offer any sort of resistance while she is getting beaten. She does not raise her hands to defend herself, she does not try to run, and she's not calling for help. What's more, the people on the streets are simply passing them by and ignoring them, as if nothing was happening.


[4] "You don't have to take my word for it," he says. "Once I give you the power, you'll know that it's true. All you need to do is ask. Ask me for the power, Daren, and I will give it to you without asking for anything in return."

"You must have gone completely insane if you're actually thinking that I'd ever consider asking you for a favor!" Daren says.

"Oh?" Eiden says. "Then I suppose that you're content in leaving that girl to her fate, while you walk away like all the others?"

Daren clenches his fist and bites his lip, but he doesn't say anything.


[5] "If you're telling us all of this, then I suppose you have an idea of what we can do with her?" I say.

"I do!" Rose says, smiling. "I'm going to hire her as a maid at my house! I've always been a bit worried about leaving my two siblings alone whenever I went away for a long while, so I usually asked my ex-husband to check up on them every now and then, but if I had a maid to take care of things, I would be much more relieved!"

"Aren't you worried about leaving your little brother and sister home alone with a person you barely know?" Kate asks.


[6] "Uh-huh," Hadrik says. "And I'm guessing those details will also cover how you all recruited a new team member in my absence?"

"You catch on fast!" Rose says, with a playful smile.

"Name's Hadrik," Hadrik says, as he approaches Ella, "but most friends call me 'the dwarf'. Pleased to make your acquaintance!"

The dwarf extends his hand towards the girl, but she gets scared, and she instinctively jumps back when he gets near her. Ella then looks at both me and Rose, seemingly asking for our approval, and when I nod to her, she hesitantly grabs Hadrik's hand and she shakes it weakly. 

"You've never really met a dwarf before, have you lass?" Hadrik asks Ella, with a grin.

"It's a bit more complicated than that," Rose says. "Like I said, we'll go over the details when we arrive at my house. Come on, let's go get Flower."


[7] Before going to bed, I took a nice long bath in one of the many bathrooms available in the mansion. It was nice to bathe in hot water, for a change, after all of those days of washing in cold lakes and rivers. As I entered my room, my stat device started beeping loudly. It's been a while since I've gotten any new points to spend on my stats. I need to be extra careful with what I choose to upgrade this time, because at this rate, who knows when I'll be getting my next batch of points.

I take the device out of my pocket and start thinking how to make the best use of these points.


[8] "It's safer if we all stick together," Hadrik says. "Just because we're in a city, it doesn't mean that we can let our guards down. We're still in the middle of a deadly tournament, after all."

"Okay, if everyone's ready, we should get going," Rose says. "We'll be taking the shorter route this time, so be sure to stay close to me so you don't get lost."


[9] With these final thoughts, I put my head on the pillow, I hug Rose tightly in my arms, and I close my eyes. I wake up several hours later, to the sound of Daren's voice.

"Barry, wake up!" he says. "You're not planning on sleeping in again, are you? Come on, get up, or we'll leave you behind!"

As Daren leaves, I take a look outside my window, and I see that the sun had only just risen about an hour ago. Everyone was already waiting outside, while Rose's siblings were running around the yard, as lively as ever. I guess it wasn't a dream after all.


[10] "No!" Rose says, as she rushes in front of us. "There's no reason to take that roundabout way anymore. We can take a more direct path this time. Follow me, I'll show you the way."

After we left the mansion, nobody mentioned anything about me and Rose anymore. Daren's intervention seems to have been enough to bring them all back to their senses. He may be an ass most of the time, but when push comes to shove, I guess he can really be a lot of help. I owe him one for this.


[11] "Yeah, it's definitely an ambush," Arraka says. "There are two mages heading our way right now. They will appear in front of us, once they pass that corner."

Just as Arraka finishes her sentence, the whole area around us is lit by a bright green light for a few seconds, and immediately afterwards, Rose loses her consciousness and falls on the ground. Daren rushes to her side, in order to check her pulse, and he signals to us that she is still alive.

