
[1] 

[2] "Punished?" Flower asks, as her eyes turn red with rage once more. "They all needed to be punished?! Even the elderly? Even the kids? Who gave you the right?! If anyone's, it should have been Eleya's decision to make, not yours!"

"Oh, right, the old fox!" Eiden says. "I'd almost forgotten why I came here in the first place."

He turns to me.

"Barry," Eiden says, "did you know that the golden fox cast a tracking spell on all of you before you left the lessathi ruins?"

"A tracking spell?" I ask. "Why would she do that?"

"I do not know!" Eiden says. "But I'm suspecting that she must have taken an interest in you as well!" 

He then starts moving his index finger through the air, as if he were pushing some invisible buttons in front of him. After a while, a golden light starts shining brightly all around us, and a hologram of the fox's head appears in front of us, soon afterwards.

"Eiden?" Eleya says. "Eiden, is that you?"

"Hello, old friend," Eiden says. "Did you miss me?"

"Eiden, what are you doing?" the fox says. "Stop this at once!"

The stillwater pays her no mind, and he continues to fiddle around with her spell, until he grabs onto what seems to be a golden string, made of solid light.


[3] "Arraka," I say, as I now look towards Flower's amulet. "Do you sense Eiden anywhere around us? Is he hiding invisibly again?"

"No, he didn't teleport here with the rest of us," Arraka says.

"Could you let us know if you ever sense Eiden hiding invisibly around us again?" I say.

"Yeah, sure, no problem," Arraka says.

"Really?" I ask, surprised. "Just like that?"

"Just like that," Arraka says. "As long as I get to piss Eiden off, it's time well spent for me." 

"So, I'm guessing you and Eiden have a history, then?" I ask.

"Oh, yeah, him and I go way back," Arraka says.

"Is that so?..." I say.

"Flower..." Kate says, as she comes closer. "Are you okay?"

"I'm fine," Flower says, curtly, as she wipes the tears from her eyes with the back of her hand.

"Do you need to talk, or--" Kate starts to say but Flower interrupts her.

"I'm FINE!" Flower shouts.


[4] "You, there!" we hear a city guard shout, as he rushes towards us. "What is your business here? Identify yourselves!"

"It's okay, Ralph!" Rose says, smiling. "They're with me!"

As the guard approaches, I see a warning message in front of my eyes, telling me not to hurt him because he's a local. I then get the same message for one of the guard's colleagues, who remained near the gates.

"Rose, thank the gods you're back!" Ralph says. "The whole oildrip situation has only gotten worse while you were gone. The entire Sparrow's district has now been quarantined."

The guard then looks at each of us in turn.

"I'm guessing you folks are the ones I should thank for bringing Rose back home safely," he says. "You all have my deepest gratitude! Our town would not be the same without her."

"Is there anything I should know about before heading over to the Sparrow's district, Ralph?" Rose says.

"Yeah," Ralph says. "Nurse Martha said she needed to talk to you as soon as you came back. You should drop by her tent before doing anything else."

"Alright," Rose says. "I'll be sure to go there as soon as I lead my new friends to my house, then. Thanks for letting me know!"


[5] "Hey, Daren," Hadrik says. "There's an armor shop right over there, by the corner. Wanna come see what they've got? This might be the perfect opportunity for you to finally get rid of that ugly breastplate of yours!"

"I'll pass," Daren says, with an acid tone in his voice.

"Suit yourself," Hadrik says with a grin, and he goes to enter the armor shop.

"You two really don't get along, do you?" Kate asks Daren.

"I don't know what you're talking about," Daren says. "Hadrik and I get along just fine."

"Right..." Kate says.

As we all stand there and wait, we suddenly hear a girl's scream coming from our right.  When we turn around, we see that a large man in his fifties is currently brutally beating a fifteen year old girl, in the middle of the street. Judging by his extravagant clothing and the jewelry around his neck, he would seem to be one of the local nobles, or maybe even royalty. 


[6] "Regardless of whether I'm finding any of this normal or not," Rose says, with a shaky voice, "the fact remains that the tournament rules still prohibit you from attacking any of the locals. You saw what happened to that mage who tried to attack me in the forest. You'll just get teleported out of here before you even get the chance to do anything."

Daren clenches his fist, as his hand starts shaking with rage, but he is unable to come up with a proper retort. Instead, he decides to turn his head away from her, and to continue watching the gruesome scene that was unraveling before our eyes. 

"I'm sorry," the girl says, as the man beats her mercilessly. "Please, I'm sorry!"

"I didn't ask for your apologies, you little wench," the man says, as he looks at her now swollen face with disgust. "I asked for you to be useful. How am I supposed to expect anything from you if you can't even carry a few bags?"

Now that he mentions it, I realize that there are at least ten bags full of clothes and groceries lying on the ground next to the girl. They must weigh a ton.


[7] "Do you see the true face of the humanity you are so desperately trying to protect?" Eiden says. "Take a look around you. Any of these people passing by could easily overpower that clown and save the girl. But they won't do it. Some of them would tell you that they're just obeying the law. Others would have you believe that they're only doing it to protect their families. But we all know what the real reason is. They're ignoring her because it's convenient. Because it's easier to lie to themselves and carry on with their lives than to face reality and try to give some meaning to their miserable existence."

Upon hearing Eiden's words, Rose lowers her head, and she starts staring at the ground in silence.

"But you're not like them, are you, Daren?" Eiden continues. "I'm sure you would have jumped to save that poor girl in an instant, were it not for the tournament's spell protecting the noble."

"Shut up," Daren says.

"It's quite a pity, isn't it?" Eiden says. "The fact that you're forced to stand here and do nothing, because of one meager spell."

Eiden smiles.

"What if I were to tell you, Daren, that I had a way to circumvent that spell?" he says.

"I'd say that you were out of your mind," Daren says.

Eiden laughs.


[8] "Don't you understand?!" Daren says. "She's human, just like you! She bleeds like you, she feels pain like you, she can get scared, she can be happy or sad. How can you do this to a fellow human being?"

"She's not a fellow human being, you imbecile," the noble says. "She's a slave. She's a form of existence lower than a worm or even an insect. Do you pause to think about the pain of every bug that you squish between your hands?"

"You can't be serious!" Daren says. "Do you not have eyes? Can you not see that she is the same as us?"

"No, outsider, it is you who cannot see," the noble says. "I know that this is a difficult concept to grasp for a barbarian such as yourself, but I feel that it is my duty as a superior being to educate you."

The noble grabs the slave girl by the hair, and he faces her in Daren's direction.


[9] "I am going to show you, outsider, what happens to a slave that can no longer serve her purpose," the noble says. "After I end her miserable life, you will see that nothing is going to change. No one will mourn her passing, no one will stop to look, no one will ever be affected by her death, and life will simply continue to move on without her, as if she'd never existed."

"Wait!" Daren shouts. "I didn't mean to offend you with what I said! Just please, put the knife down, and we can continue our conversation where we left off. Please!"

The slave girl looks as if she has completely given up on any hope that she might have had left. The look in her eyes is completely empty, as she stares at the ground and waits patiently for the inevitable.

"Look at that!" Eiden says, to me. "That oaf is going to get the poor girl killed. Are you okay with this, Barry?"


[10] As he keeps repeating the same word, over and over, Daren's voice starts to tremble, and it doesn't take long for him to break down in tears, while he takes the girl's body in his arms, and he hugs her with all his strength. Rose is looking mortified, as she watches the whole scene unravel before her eyes, while Kate is looking away from them, with a sad expression on her face.

"Leave it to an uneducated oaf from another continent to start crying over some dead slave girl," the noble says. "I thought that in doing this, I might finally make you see reason, but it seems I was mistaken. You truly are a lost cause. I feel sorry for you."

When he hears the noble's words, Daren slowly stops crying, he lets go of the slave, and he looks towards the ground, with a very dark look on his face.

"Eiden," he says. "Give me the power."

"Are you sure this is what you want?" Eiden asks.

"You said you'd give it to me for free as long as I asked," Daren says. "I'm asking for it now. Give me the power."

Eiden smiles widely, as he raises his hands, and a powerful wind starts spinning around him for a few seconds. As the wind stops, Eiden lowers his hands, and he looks towards Daren.

"It is done," he says.


[11] Eiden then snaps his fingers, and he immediately disappears without a trace. As I do what he said and try to imagine hitting one of the townsfolk, I realize that he wasn't lying. When I imagined myself hitting the noble before, I definitely felt some sort of force that was trying to stop my very train of thoughts from forming, but none of that happened anymore.

Taking a look towards Daren, I see that he is now calmly sheathing his sword and turning to face us. He has the same dark look in his eyes that he had before.

"We're done here," Daren says, as he walks towards us. "Let's go get Hadrik and Flower so we can all be on our way and leave this place behind us."

"Daren, I..." Rose starts to say, but Daren simply walks past her, without giving her a chance to speak her mind, and he heads towards the armor shop that Hadrik entered earlier.

When Hadrik saw us enter the shop to call for him, he seemed a bit disappointed. It appears that he would have liked to browse the shop's wares a bit more before leaving.

"Why did you all come to get me so early?" Hadrik asks. "Weren't we gonna wait for Flower to come back?"

"Some... stuff happened which made us decide to pick another route towards my home," Rose says. "We'll tell you all the details when we get there. Come on, let's go get Flower."


[12] "What is the meaning of this?!" the noble shouts, furious, from the ground. "How DARE you? Do you know who I am?!"

"Sure," I tell him. "You're just another rich jackass who let all his wealth and social status go to his head. Welcome to the real world, buddy!"

"Do you think you can afford to act cocky just because you somehow managed to break through the tournament's protection spell?" the noble says. "You have no idea who you're dealing with here, boy. Being eliminated from the mage tournament will be the least of your worries when I'm done with you."


[13] He smiles.

"Now then," Eiden says, "if you don't mind me asking, what is your plan for saving the other thousands of slaves in this city?"

"I beg your pardon?" I say.

"Surely, you must have realized that this isn't the only slave in Varathia," Eiden says. "There are thousands more just like this girl, who are living through hell as we speak, and who can't even be sure that they'll make it through the day alive. Are you going to save them too, Barry?"

Eiden smiles widely.

"Unless of course, you only plan on saving the ones that cross your path, so you can pat yourself on the back, and pretend that you made a difference."


[14] ”See, Barry, this is how you get the job done right," Eiden says. "You wouldn't want to cause your lovely host more trouble than you already have, would you?"

"I suppose not..." I say.

Eiden smiles.

"Now then," Eiden says, "if you don't mind me asking, what is your plan for saving the other thousands of slaves in this city?"

"I beg your pardon?" I say.

"Surely, you must have realized that this isn't the only slave in Varathia," Eiden says. "There are thousands more just like this girl, who are living through hell as we speak, and who can't even be sure that they'll make it through the day alive. Are you going to save them too, Barry?"

Eiden smiles widely.

"Unless of course, you only plan on saving the ones that cross your path, so you can pat yourself on the back, and pretend that you made a difference."


[15] Eiden then snaps his fingers, and he immediately disappears without a trace.

"Sir..." the slave girl says, as she pulls on my sleeve softly. "Excuse me, sir..."

As I turn around, the girl takes a bow, and then she introduces herself.

"My name is Ella," she says, "but most of my masters simply called me 'slave girl'. I know I may not look like much, but if you will have me, I vow to serve you to the best of my ability, until the day I die. Just give me my first order, and our contract will be complete."


[16] "Y-y-yes sir," Ella says. "Of course."

"But for now, I think you should start by getting rid of those bruises," Rose says. "That tall man over there dressed in armor just so happens to be our group's healer.  He'll fix you up in a jiffy! Isn't that right, Daren?"

Daren seemed to be deeply buried in his own thoughts when Rose called out to him. It took him a while before he came to his senses and realized what she wanted from him.

"Yeah..." he says. "Sure. Come over here, and we'll have a look."

As Ella goes to get healed, Rose pulls me and Kate aside to have a little private conversation with us.

"Barry, you can't just save the girl like that and then tell her that she can do whatever she wants," Rose whispers to me. "That's almost as cruel as it would have been to do nothing and leave her to her fate."

"What do you mean?" I ask her.

Rose sighs.

"Even if the girl understands your true intentions, what would you expect her to do once she's free?" Rose asks. "She has no home to go to, no family, no friends, no possessions, and to make matters worse, everyone knows that she's been a slave until recently. Even if she would somehow manage to find a place to work somewhere, no one would bat an eye if someone were to kidnap her and make her into a slave again. At most, you'd be giving her a small taste of freedom, which would be ripped away from her a few days afterwards."


[17] Daren seemed to be deeply buried in his own thoughts when Rose called out to him. It took him a while before he came to his senses and realized what she wanted from him.

"Yeah..." he says. "Sure. Come over here, and we'll have a look."

As Ella goes to get healed, Rose pulls me and Kate aside to have a little private conversation with us.

"Barry, you can't just tell her that you're setting her free like that," Rose whispers to me.

"Why not?" I ask her.

"Because slaves are never set free," Rose says. "The only case when a slave's master ever says anything like that is when they're about to kill them because they're no longer useful."

"Yeah, but won't she understand once I've explained it to her more clearly?" I say.

Rose sighs.

"Even if the girl understands your true intentions, what would you expect her to do once she's free?" Rose asks. "She has no home to go to, no family, no friends, no possessions, and to make matters worse, everyone knows that she's been a slave until recently. Even if she would somehow manage to find a place to work somewhere, no one would bat an eye if someone were to kidnap her and make her into a slave again. At most, you'd be giving her a small taste of freedom, which would be ripped away from her a few days afterwards."


[18] Daren seemed to be deeply buried in his own thoughts when Rose called out to him. It took him a while before he came to his senses and realized what she wanted from him.

"Yeah..." he says. "Sure. Come over here, and we'll have a look."

As Ella goes to get healed, Rose pulls me and Kate aside to have a little private conversation with us.

"Okay, listen up," Rose whispers to us. "I don't want anyone getting any ideas of telling that poor girl that you're setting her free or anything of the sort. I'm looking at you, Barry!"

"Why would it be so bad to make her understand that she is free to do whatever she likes from now on?" I ask.

Rose sighs.

"Even if the girl understands your true intentions, what would you expect her to do once she's free?" Rose asks. "She has no home to go to, no family, no friends, no possessions, and to make matters worse, everyone knows that she's been a slave until recently. Even if she would somehow manage to find a place to work somewhere, no one would bat an eye if someone were to kidnap her and make her into a slave again. At most, you'd be giving her a small taste of freedom, which would be ripped away from her a few days afterwards."


[19] Now that her bruises are gone, and I get a good look at her face, I suddenly realize that Ella could very well give Rose a run for her money in a beauty contest. Even though her messy black hair and the tattered rags she's wearing aren't doing her any favors, her face has all the features that make a girl look beautiful without any makeup. She has a small nose, high cheekbones, full lips and large brown eyes, while her body's proportions seem almost perfectly balanced. If she'd lived a normal life, and she had attended a school like all other girls her age, she would have likely been very popular. Girls would have killed to have her in their groups, and boys would have courted her every single day. She would have had a life that most girls her age could only dream of. If she'd lived a normal life...

"Alright, then!" Rose says, as she takes a sideways glance towards all the people who were standing on the side of the street, staring at us. "We shouldn't linger here any longer. Let's go get Hadrik and Flower, and we'll take another route towards my house."

When Hadrik saw us enter the shop to call for him, he seemed a bit disappointed. It appears that he would have liked to browse the shop's wares a bit more before leaving.

"Why did you all come to get me so early?" Hadrik asks. "Weren't we gonna wait for Flower to come back?"

"Some... stuff happened which made us decide to pick another route towards my home," Rose says. "We'll tell you all the details when we get there." 


[20] "Rose, I don't mean to sound rude," Hadrik says, "but didn't you tell me that you and your two siblings were living a modest life here in the city?" 

Rose blushes.

"I am not the one who bought this house," Rose says. "This is where I used to live with my old husband, before we got divorced. He told me that he didn't mind me keeping this house for myself, since he owned many other mansions in better areas of the city. I meant to refuse him at first, but I had both my siblings and my sickly father to care for at the time and it would have been very hard for me to continue living with them in our old cramped house."

"Ah, he was trying to win you back with a little parting gift, was he?" Hadrik asks, with a grin.


[21] "Rose, look!" the girl says, with a proud tone in her voice, as she takes something out of her pocket and shows it to her. "Billy's already fourteen years old! And he's just as lively as ever! See?"

"That's really good news, Suzie!" Rose says, smiling, as she pats her sister on her head. "I'll admit that I was a bit worried about him while I was gone, but I see now that I had no reason to doubt you!"

I notice that the virtual pet toy that Suzie is holding in her hand looks incredibly similar to my stat device. Even more so than I remembered. Could it also be some ancient device made by the lessathi which holds hidden powers like the 'fortune teller's trinket' that I have in my pocket?


[22] "You tricked me!" Suzie says, with a pouty face. "Your toy is broken. It doesn't do anything. That's not fair!"

"Life is never fair, kid," I tell her, as I put my device back in my pocket. "It's better to learn that while you're young!"

"Don't you listen to him, Suzie!" Rose says. "Barry is just grumpy because his parents would only give him broken toys when he was a kid."

Suzie giggles.

"Poor Barry!" she says.

"Poor Barry!" her brother mimics her. 

"Rose," Daren says. "Could you show me to my room? All I want right now is to lie down in a bed for a while."

"Certainly!" Rose says. "Follow me, I'll show you the way!"

"We'll come too, we'll come too!" Rose's siblings say, in unison.

"Okay, okay, you'll come too!" Rose says, smiling.

She then turns to us.

"Please, make yourselves comfortable!" Rose says. "You can come inside the house and wait in the main hall if you like."

"Nah, we're good for now, thanks!" Hadrik says. "We'll just sit at one of these picnic tables."

"I'll be right back!" Rose says, and then she goes with Daren and her siblings inside the mansion.


[23] This time, the girl managed to shut her up. It doesn't seem like Arraka is very keen on returning to her old way of life anytime soon.

"Did... something happen to Hadrik?" Rose says, as she approaches us. "He asked me to give him the directions to his room when we met in the hallway, and after I gave them to him, he just stormed right past me, without saying another word. He looked pretty upset about something."
 
"He got really angry when we told him what happened to the slave girl earlier," Kate says.

"Oh..." Rose says. "I see..."

"Could you lead us to our rooms too?" I say, trying to change the subject. "I could really go for a nap in an actual bed right now."

"Of course," Rose says. "Follow me."

After showing us all to our rooms, Rose told us that she now needed to go visit the Sparrow's district, in order to bring all of her collected herbs to the sick. She said she'd most likely come back by sundown, and that she'd leave the house in our care until then. Since none of us were really in the mood for hanging out after all that's happened, we decided to spend the rest of the afternoon in our rooms, until Rose came back.

Once she returned, we all got together at one of the picnic tables in the yard, and Hadrik joined us too, after he cooled down a bit. Daren, however, hasn't gotten out of his room at all since we arrived at the mansion.


[24] "Don't mind him," Suzie tells Flower. "Kevin just likes to act like a jerk sometimes. Your clothes are fine. And your hair is very pretty."

"Uh, thanks, I guess?" Flower says, confused.

"I wish I had beautiful long red hair like yours," Suzie says. "Could you let me braid your hair for you? Pretty please?"

"No!" Flower says, shocked, and she grabs her hair in her hands, as if she were protecting it from a dangerous predator.

"Okay," Suzie says, with a sad look on her face.

As it got close to bedtime, we each started heading towards our own rooms and said we'd meet up again in the morning, to plan what we wanted to do next. Before going to bed, I took a nice long bath in one of the many bathrooms available in the mansion. It was nice to bathe in hot water, for a change, after all of those days of washing in cold lakes and rivers. As I entered my room, my stat device started beeping loudly. It's been a while since I've gotten any new points to spend on my stats. I need to be extra careful with what I choose to upgrade this time, because at this rate, who knows when I'll be getting my next batch of points.

I take the device out of my pocket and start thinking how to make the best use of these points.


[25] "We're going to a hospital from the Beggar's district," Rose says. "I went there yesterday, after visiting the Sparrow's district, and I saw a lot of wounded who weren't being treated properly due to a severe lack of qualified personnel. None of them seemed to be in critical condition, but Daren's healing spells would be a godsend to those people. At first, I only wanted to bring Daren, but Hadrik insisted that we all go."

"It's safer if we all stick together," Hadrik says. "Just because we're in a city, it doesn't mean that we can let our guards down. We're still in the middle of a deadly tournament, after all."

"Okay, if everyone's ready, we should get going," Rose says. "We'll be taking the shorter route this time, so be sure to stay close to me so you don't get lost."


[26] "There you are!" Rose says, as she approaches us and then seats herself next to Flower. "Daren's already unpacked his bags. Would you like me to show you to your rooms?"

"We can do that later," Hadrik says. "Ella's been sitting there, biting her nails for the past fifteen minutes because she doesn't have anything to do. Don't you have any work around the house that you need doing?" 

"Oh no, I couldn't possibly make her work so soon after what she's been through!" Rose says.

She turns to the girl.

"Ella," Rose says, "you can go sleep for as long as you need, and after you're well-rested, I'll give you the tour of the house. Is that okay with you?"


[27] "Because you're all being too nice," Kate says. "And that's always how a test of loyalty begins. At the Beacon, every now and then, a member of the staff or a complete stranger would start acting very nice and considerate with one of the orphans, out of the blue. After some time, when they were sure that they'd gained their trust, they'd suddenly say that they wanted to help them escape. If the orphan believed them, and followed their instructions, they would be recaptured by the very person that tried to help them, and told that it was all a test of loyalty that they had failed. Then they would either be beaten senseless for breaking the rules, or they'd be killed to serve as an example for all the other orphans. This way, if anyone ever actually tried to help one of us, we'd never believe them, and we'd choose to remain prisoners, out of fear."

Rose gasps.

"My gods, that's horrible," she says. "But if what you say is true, then how are we going to convince Ella that we're telling the truth?"

"We're not going to convince her," Kate says. "Even after hearing us discuss things openly in front of her like this, she still probably thinks it's all just part of an elaborate act, in order to make her lower her guard. She must think that once she agrees to rest, she'll have failed the test, and we'll deem her worthless, just like that noble."


[28] "I think I might just have an idea!" Rose says, with a smile, as she looks at the three of them.

"You're very pretty!" Suzie tells Ella, as she approaches us.

"Uh... Thank you, miss-- sir," Ella says, looking a little confused.

Suzie giggles.

"I like you," she says. "You're funny!" 

"I think I have the perfect job for you, Ella!" Rose says, after Ella brings her the glass of water.

"W-w-what would you have me do, sir?" Ella asks.

"I want you to follow my little sister Suzie around wherever she goes, and I want you to listen to her every order for the remainder of the day!" Rose says, with an evil smile.

"Of course..." Ella says. "I will not let you down."


[29] "I think I might just have an idea!" Rose says, with a smile, as she looks at the three of them.

"You're very pretty!" Suzie tells Ella.

"Uh... Thank you, miss-- sir," Ella says, looking a little confused.

Suzie giggles.

"I like you," she says. "You're funny!" 

"I think I have the perfect job for you, Ella!" Rose says, as she approaches the girl.

"W-w-what would you have me do, sir?" Ella asks.

"I want you to follow my little sister Suzie around wherever she goes, and I want you to listen to her every order for the remainder of the day!" Rose says, with an evil smile.

"Of course..." Ella says. "I will not let you down."


[30] If I did not know that Ella left with Suzie a little while ago, it would have taken me a minute to figure out whose hand the little girl was holding. The former slave girl was nearly unrecognizable, as she was now wearing an elegant green dress, while her hair had been cleaned up, and meticulously braided. She looked stunning. I guess this explains what the two of them have been doing for the past two hours.

"Ta-daaaa!" Suzie says, with a very proud look on her face.

"Wow," Hadrik says. "That's uh... quite the change. Are you the one who braided her hair, Suzie?"

"Yep!" the little girl says, beaming. "Isn't she beautiful? Come on, Ella, don't be shy, and turn around so everyone can see!"

Ella seems to be very flustered about all of this, and her cheeks could not be any more red. She probably isn't used to getting this much attention. She turns around, just as ordered, so we could all have a look at her braided hair. Looking at it closely, you could clearly see that there's been a lot of work put into it. The girl must have been at it for at least the better part of an hour.

"Come on, Ella!" Suzie says, as she grabs her hand, and she pulls her back towards the mansion. "Let's play!"


[31] "Pffft!" Kevin says. "You're no fun."

"No, you're no fun!" Suzie says. "You're just a mean meanie head, and that's why you don't have any friends!"

Suzie gets down from Ella's back and she hugs her tightly, while giving her brother a menacing look.

"Don't worry, Ella," the little girl says. "I would never do anything to hurt you!"

Ella now looks like she's barely able to stand on her feet.

"Thank you... miss..." she says, with the last of her strength, and then she faints, due to exhaustion.

"Ella!" Suzie screams.

When we see what happened, Hadrik and I both rush simultaneously towards Ella, and the first thing we do is to make sure that she is still alive. The girl is still breathing, but she has a very high fever. 

"I did this!" Suzie says, as tears start streaming down her face. "I killed her! I shouldn't have asked her for that piggyback ride! I should have seen that she was too tired! Now she's going to die and it's all my fault!"

After she finishes her last sentence, the girl breaks down into uncontrollable crying, and she buries her head in her arms.


[32] "That lowlife bastard," Daren says, as he clenches his fist. "I'd kill him if he weren't already dead."

After Daren finished his spell, we could see that the girl's breathing was starting to become more relaxed.

"I took care of the fever," Daren says, "but the fatigue is still there. She'll need to rest for a while in order to fully recover."

"Oh gods, what happened here?" Rose says, as she enters the house, and she sees us all standing around Ella's bed.

"The girl overworked herself, and she fainted from exhaustion," Hadrik says.

"I figured that might happen..." Rose says. "Is she going to be okay?"

"She's fine," Daren says. "She's just tired. But she won't be able to work anymore for the rest of the day."

"I can still... work..." Ella says, as she wakes up from hearing Daren's words, and she tries to get out of bed, only to fall on her back soon afterwards.

"Ella, you're alive!" Suzie says, and she hugs her with all her might. "You're alive!"

"Master, I can still work," Ella says, with a desperate look in her eyes, as she tries to get out of bed again but fails. "Please, just give me another order."


[33] "But if you'll allow me to make a selfish request..." Rose says. "I would be very grateful if you chose to remain here. I don't have a lot of money to give you, and the kids will probably drive you mad half of the time, but Suzie has already gotten very attached to you, and I think she'd really miss you if you were gone. I can't promise you that you'll have a good life here, but I can promise that we'll try our hardest to make you feel at home. Ella, would it be too much to ask of you to keep working for us for a while longer?"

"No!" Ella says, as she looks like she's about to cry. "Of course not! I would love to keep working here! My time spent here has been the happiest of my life! I don't want to leave! I promise that I'll work hard, and that I'll never betray your trust!"

"Then our contract is complete!" Rose says, as she smiles, and she shakes the girl's hand. "You can start working chores as soon as you're fully recovered, but if you're really keen on not slacking off today, you can still play with Suzie. I'm pretty sure that she's not planning to leave your bedside anytime soon!"

Now that Rose had finally managed to put Ella's worries to rest, we decided to leave her alone with Suzie, so that she could take her mind off her work for a few hours. Since it was getting close to bedtime, we each started heading towards our own rooms and said we'd meet up again in the morning, to plan what we wanted to do next. 


[34] "Barry, wake up!" he says. "You're not planning on sleeping in again, are you? Come on, get up, or we'll leave you behind!"

As Daren leaves, I take a look outside my window, and I see that the sun had only just risen about an hour ago. Everyone was already waiting outside, while Rose's siblings were running around the yard, as lively as ever. 

I jump out of bed and get dressed, but I don't take my backpack with me. Daren probably only meant that we were going downtown to get some supplies. I take some money with me, and my dagger, just in case, and then I head downstairs. 

"About time," Daren says, as I approach everyone who was waiting in the yard. "What took you so long?"

"Where are we going?" I ask Rose, as I completely ignore Daren's question.

"We're going to a hospital from the Beggar's district," Rose says. "I went there yesterday, after visiting the Sparrow's district, and I saw a lot of wounded who weren't being treated properly due to a severe lack of qualified personnel. None of them seemed to be in critical condition, but Daren's healing spells would be a godsend to those people. At first, I only wanted to bring Daren, but Hadrik insisted that we all go."


[35] "Yes, but--"

Rose puts her index finger on my lips in order to silence me.

"I will not hear another word from you," she says. "This is my thanks to you for everything you've done for me since we first met. We are doing this, and that's final!"

She smiles.

"You don't need to worry about anything, Barry," she says. "Just close your eyes, and let me take care of everything. I promise you that neither of us is going to regret this!"

She then presses her lips against mine once more, as she starts to slowly unbutton my shirt. The next two hours seemed like they were almost a dream. Was I really still in the same place where I've been desperately fighting for my life for almost a week? The same place where I spent my time fighting dragons, dodging traps and stealing treasure from ogres? Actually, now that I pause to think about it, last week is starting to sound a lot more like a dream than what happened tonight. Maybe it really was a dream. I mean, seriously... Dragons? Who in their right mind would ever believe a story like that?


[36] "Did something happen to you while you were in your room, last night?" Flower says.

"No, nothing happened, why do you ask?" Rose says.

"Well, I thought that you might have been afraid of getting attacked in your sleep, or something, since this morning I saw you come out of Barry's room, instead of yours," Flower says.

After Flower finishes her sentence, her eyes suddenly turn bright blue, as Illuna smacks herself hard in the forehead. Rose's face had turned completely red, and everyone was now looking straight at us.

"Rose," Kate says, looking very flustered. "D-d-did you and Barry--"

"Hahahaha!" Hadrik laughs loudly. "Way to go, Barry! I always knew you had it in you!"

"Wait," Rose says, trying hard not to panic. "This isn't what you think! It was only for one night! We're not--"

Daren coughs loudly, all of a sudden, and he drowns out Rose's words.

"Rose," he says. "Which way did you say the hospital was again? Are we taking the same route as yesterday?"


[37] "Elected?" Kate asks, shocked. "Do you mean to say that the current king of Thilias is not of royal blood?"

"Yes, that is what I'm saying," Rose says. "The old king of Thilias did not leave an heir, and before he died of old age he made a public announcement, saying that he wanted the next king to be elected through a vote, so that he may become a true king of the people. Naturally, the nobles did not really agree with this, but they couldn't defy the king openly, so they were forced to hold the vote, despite their misgivings. Since Golmyck was very well known for his inventions and for his cheerful personality, he quickly became the favorite candidate, and he was eventually chosen by a vast majority to rule over our kingdom."

"I don't mean to interrupt," Illuna says, "but is this marketplace supposed to be so deserted at this hour? I would have expected at least the merchants to be awake at this time in the morning."

"No, you're right," Rose says. "This is strange. Usually this place is filled with people around this time of day. And come to think of it, most of the streets that we've passed so far have been empty as well."

"This smells like an ambush to me," Hadrik says.


[38] "I would ask you the same thing, healer in armor," says the mage in green robes. "Didn't you or one of your friends kill a local yesterday? That is what it says on this poster, after all."

He takes a rolled up poster out of his sleeve, and he unfurls it in front of us, so we can all see its contents. On the piece of paper, we see some poorly drawn sketches of me, Daren, Kate and Eiden along with a title that says: 'Wanted - Dead or Alive - Daren, the healer in armor, and his accomplices, for the murder of the earl of Ollendor'. The reward on our heads is in a local currency that I am unfamiliar with, but I'm guessing that they're probably offering a lot of money, given the circumstances.

"We just happened to see this poster yesterday while we were looking for a few bounties to kill some time," the mage in the green robes says, "and we quickly agreed that it was no mere coincidence, but the hand of fate that was guiding our actions."

"It wasn't fate," Zack says, "it was the God of Death himself who was giving us another chance to make up for our miserable failure from last week. This time we'll make sure to send you all to your graves, in the name of my god."

