
[1] 

[2] Yes, you can, in theory. There's a kind of magic that helps with surpassing the limitations of the human body while doing physical training. The downside is that unless you have a lifespan of hundreds of years, you'd have to spend most of your life training in order to reach their levels of strength. Could they be using stat devices too?

The two contenders are now moving so fast that I can barely follow them anymore. Eiden is landing most of his hits, but the dwarf doesn't seem to be having any trouble tanking them. Hadrik, however, hasn't managed to hit the stillwater once. Whenever it looks like he's got a decent chance, Eiden flows like water and effortlessly gets out of his way, subsequently using the dwarf's momentum against him in order to make him lose balance.


[3] "I am terribly sorry, but something came up and I no longer have the time to finish our duel. However, there is another stillwater in this clearing who I'm sure would be more than glad to be your next opponent!"

As he looks at me, smiling, all of the mages turn their heads and notice me for the first time. 


[4] "What are you talking about?" Eiden asks, smiling. "Of course he's a stillwater. Didn't you all see him fight that dragon in the sky singlehandedly a few hours ago?"

There's a loud murmur again, as many of the mages confirm having seen me duel the dragon. If I'm going to want to bluff my way through this tournament, then there will never be a better opportunity than this. 


[5] "A what?..." the fire elementalist asks, shocked. "Please, tell me that you're not as dumb as you look. Do you feel that magical aura coming from her? Even someone such as you should be able to understand what that means, and what needs to be done. That woman behind you is a banshee. An abomination born from the deepest pits of hell that needs to be eradicated."

"Oh?" Hadrik says, with a smug grin on his face. "Is she, now?"


[6] "What's the matter, stillwater?" I hear a voice coming from behind the wall of golems. "Aren't you going to shoot the golems with your little crossbow as well?"

This isn't good. Daren won't be able to fight all these golems by himself while also defending me. I need to do something.


[7] "Goodbye, my friends," he says. "I wish you all safe travels, and I hope we'll meet again."

"Goodbye, Azarius! Goodbye, Henry!" Rose says, as we all wave to them. "I'm sure that our paths will cross again someday!"

Henry looks back towards us with a surprised expression on his face. He probably isn't used to people acknowledging his existence as he travels alongside the Sage of the West. He nods curtly to Rose, and then hurries to catch up with Azarius, as they both slowly distance themselves from us and disappear into the depths of the forest.

