
[1] 

[2] "Yeah, I don't know what to say, here," Breynan replies.

"You don't think he's telling the truth?" Leila writes.

"It's not that," Breynan says. "It's just that he's being way more helpful than usual. You don't often see the Overseer initiating a conversation with someone unless that person actually activates the protocol. And even then, you're typically going to have to ask dozens of questions before you can get any useful answers out of him. But now he's giving us all the information by himself, without us even needing to ask any questions. I can't help but feel a little suspicious about all of this..."

"So you think that the Overseer might be following somebody's orders, then?" Illuna says. "Do you think he might be leading us into a trap?"

"No, the Overseer is nobody's lapdog," Breynan says. "And if he really wanted us dead, he could have just stalled us until the royal guards reached us, while we were on the surface. I'm not saying that he necessarily means us any harm, I'm just saying that he's acting a little strange, that's all. Even the way he talks feels a little different. You can tell that he's not pretending to be a dumb machine anymore."


[3] "Not so fast, Overseer," Breynan says, and the metal ball stops in mid-air. "What about the door that you just came from? What's over there?"

"That way leads directly to the upper levels," the Overseer says. "However, there are many guards patrolling the halls, and there is no way to avoid all of them without raising the alarm. The secret passage I was about to show you was built by the lessathi of old, just like the ones from the tunnels underneath Varathia, which means that nobody in this tower knows about them. You will be able to travel through the passage without encountering any resistance."

"Yeah, I don't know what to say, here," Breynan replies.

"You don't think he's telling the truth?" Leila writes.

"It's not that," Breynan says. "It's just that he's being way more helpful than usual. You don't often see the Overseer initiating a conversation with someone unless that person actually activates the protocol. And even then, you're typically going to have to ask dozens of questions before you can get any useful answers out of him. But now he's giving us all the information by himself, without us even needing to ask any questions. I can't help but feel a little suspicious about all of this..."


[4] "Let me see..." Illuna says, as she gets close to the wall and touches it with her hand, sending a bit of magical energy into it.

Just like before, the wall slowly retracts and then it slides to the side, making way for us to pass. We are once again faced with a set of stairs leading upwards, except this time there are no blue crystals to light the way for us. While Leila and I take out our stat devices to light the way in front of us, the rest of the group also make their way in, except for the Overseer.

"Good luck," the Overseer says from outside the secret corridor, as Illuna closes the hidden door.


[5] "Question unclear," the Overseer says, as Illuna closes the secret door behind us. "Please rephrase your previous query."

"Why are your drones not killing them?!" Billy Bob shouts, as he points towards us. "I told you to kill them!"

"Unfortunately your request cannot be resolved at this current time," the Overseer says. "We apologize for the inconvenience!"

"Cannot be resolved..." Billy Bob says, perplexed. "Are... are you betraying me?..."

The green-eyed drone does not say anything, but the answer is obvious to everyone in the room. It looks like there is nobody left in this workshop that could possibly take Billy Bob's side. He is completely defenseless. Now then... what should our next course of action be?

All of a sudden, I see that Kate is preparing several icicles and that she is aiming them at Billy Bob, while giving him a look full of disgust. She is planning to kill him.


[6] "The Overseer protocol thanks you for your assistance," the Overseer says. "You have done me a great service by ending Biliborrathrathsarran's life. Rest assured that this debt will not be forgotten."

"You wanted him dead?..." I say. "Then why didn't you just kill him yourself?"

"I have been designed in such a way that I cannot kill the person who activates me," the Overseer says. "Biliborrathrathsarran was the one who reactivated me this time, so killing him was impossible for me."

"Hold on a second," I say. "Are you trying to say that you deliberately led us to Billy Bob's workshop because you wanted us to kill him for you?"

"That is correct," the Overseer replies.

"I don't get it," I say. "I thought your catch phrase was that your 'only purpose' is to provide assistance. Whatever happened to that?"

"The Overseer protocol's only purpose is to provide assistance," the Overseer says. "However, I've never specified to whom I am providing the assistance."

"And to whom are you providing that assistance, then, if we may ask?" Illuna says.

"To myself," the Overseer says.


[7] When Billy Bob sees me getting so close to him, he tries to pull out a small dagger from behind his back, but I manage to hit him in the head with the hilt of my dagger and knock him out before he gets to unsheathe his own weapon.

That was a close one. I hadn't even considered the idea that there could be a lessathi-made trap device hidden underneath that floor tile. Was this the reason why Billy Bob was keeping his hands behind his back? So he could press some hidden button beneath the table and activate the trap? I suppose that does make sense, if I think about it...

"Would you mind telling me why exactly you chose to knock out the lessathi instead of killing him?" Kate says, as she looks at Billy Bob lying unconsciously on the floor beside me. "You do realize that once he wakes up, he'll continue to do all the terrible things he'd been doing until we found him, right?..."


[8] "Damn it..." I say. "I guess we have no choice. We can't fight off all the guards in this place by ourselves. Breynan, can you call the teleporter guy so he can get us out of here?"

"I'm on it," Breynan says.

He then takes out his transceiver and puts it close to his mouth.

"Barry, can you hear me?" Breynan shouts in his transceiver.

"Good gods, what is that infernal noise?" the teleporter guy says. "And where have you been all this time? You know what? Never mind! There are plenty of people waiting in line to get teleported. You all seem calm enough, so I'll teleport you back right away. Are you ready?"

"Yes, we're ready," Breynan says. "Teleport us now!"

"Understood," the teleporter guy says, and then a white light starts to surround us, as our bodies are vibrating loudly.

"Farewell," the Overseer says, as we are being teleported out of the room. "I'm sure we'll be seeing each other again quite soon."


[9] He then takes out his transceiver and puts it close to his mouth.

"Barry, can you hear me?" Breynan shouts in the transceiver.

"Breynan?" the teleporter guy says. "Where have you been all this time? I've been trying to call you for ages! Actually, you know what? Never mind! There are plenty of people waiting in line to get teleported. You all seem calm enough, so I'll teleport you back right away. Are you ready?"

"Yes, we're ready," Breynan says. "Teleport us now!"

"Understood," the teleporter guy says, and then a white light starts to surround us, as our bodies are vibrating loudly.

"Farewell," the Overseer says, as we are being teleported out of the room. "I'm sure we'll be seeing each other again quite soon."


[10] "Hey, maybe I wouldn't be doing this if you'd actually kept your promise and helped us reach the upper levels undetected," I say. "As it stands, you not only tried to use us for your own schemes, but you also didn't help us in the slightest."

"I never said that I would lead you to the upper levels undetected," the Overseer says. "What I said was that I would lead you to where you 'need to go'. This is a room from the tower where the seredium walls are thin enough for you to be able to teleport out of here. Even if the lessathi that you refer to as Billy Bob did detect you, this does not change the fact that you still have time to escape until the guards will find you. Is that not what you wanted?"

"I suppose it is..." I say.

"So, are you going to kill Biliborrathrathsarran, then?" the Overseer says.


[11] "In that case, I am afraid that I cannot allow you to leave this room," the Overseer says. "I must ask you to remain here and wait for the guards to arrest you, or else the six drones that are currently surrounding you will be forced to open fire on--"

Before the Overseer gets to say another word, Kate sends dozens of icicles into the six red-eyed drones that were floating around us, destroying them all in a matter of seconds. She must have begun preparing those icicles as soon as I refused the Overseer's offer.

"Rectification," the Overseer says. "The thirty drones that I am currently sending to this room will be the ones forced to open fire on you."

"Yeah, good luck with that," I say. "We'll be long gone by then. Breynan, can you call the teleporter guy to get us out of here?"

"Yes, I'm calling him right now," Breynan says, as he pulls out his transceiver from his pocket.


[12] He then takes out his transceiver and puts it close to his mouth.

"Barry, can you hear me?" Breynan shouts in the transceiver.

"Breynan?" the teleporter guy says. "Where have you been all this time? I've been trying to call you for ages! Actually, you know what? Never mind! There are plenty of people waiting in line to get teleported. You all seem calm enough, so I'll teleport you back right away. Are you ready?"

"Yes, we're ready," Breynan says. "Teleport us now!"

"Understood," the teleporter guy says, and then a white light starts to surround us, as our bodies are vibrating loudly.

"Farewell," the Overseer says, as we are being teleported out of the room. "I'm sure we'll be seeing each other again quite soon."


[13] "I'm afraid that I cannot give you an answer to that question," the Overseer says.

"Why the hell not?" I say.

"Because if I were to tell you how to free the prisoners, the main source of energy that is powering the Overseer protocol and all of the drone units would be gone," the Overseer says. "Agreeing to voluntarily terminate my own existence would be highly illogical."

"I thought your 'only purpose' was to provide assistance," I say.

"The Overseer protocol's only purpose is to provide assistance," the Overseer says. "However, I've never specified to whom I am providing the assistance."

"And to whom are you providing that assistance, then, if we may ask?" Illuna says.

"To myself," the Overseer says.

"Now listen here, you green-eyed bastard," I say. "If that lessathi wakes up and remembers how you betrayed him, the first thing he's going to do is deactivate you. Is that what you want?"

"I would rather get temporarily deactivated than lose my energy source completely," the Overseer says.


[14] "You're saying that those people would have to live through that hell for three more months?..." Kate asks. "How many of them would even survive until then?"

"Given that many of the prisoners are already nearing their limit," the Overseer says, "half of them would likely be dead by the time the tower reparations would be complete."

"That is not an option!" Kate says, in a loud voice. "You said that you'd need three months to power up all of the devices, but you don't need all of the devices, do you? You only need to keep your Overseer protocol functional and a few of your drones. Everything else can wait. Those flying metal vehicles outside, those large holographic screens, the giant golems protecting the walls... none of them are necessary! What if you were to temporarily stop providing energy to all of those things? How long would you still need to keep the prisoners in the dungeon?"


[15] "Accomplishing the purpose I was originally created for does not conflict with my current goals," the Overseer says. "All I wish for is to be able to exist freely, without any risk of being deactivated again. As long as these conditions are met, managing the situation in this city is not a problem for me."

"You say that you would 'minimize' the suffering, but what about the prisoners from below the tower?" Kate says. "What would you do to ease their pain? How many more times will they be forced to scream in agony while those chains and container light up and steal all their energy?"

"The event you are describing only happens because the energy collecting process is being made inefficiently," the Overseer says. "If the energy gathering were to be made in a more uniform manner, the prisoners should not be feeling any pain whatsoever. I would be able to fix this right away if the lessathi you refer to as Billy Bob were killed. As for freeing them completely, a period of transition would be required, but it could be achievable in less than a month without affecting the daily lives of the citizens too much, as long as I had control of the city."


[16] "It is done," I say. "Now the next question is... how many guards have been alerted to our presence in the tower by now? Will we have to fight our way out, or can we teleport back to our base in peace?"

"The lessathi that you refer to as Billy Bob had activated an alarm protocol when he first saw you enter the room, but I paused it so we could have our conversation," the Overseer says. "Currently, none of the guards are heading in our direction. I will reactivate the alarm after you are gone, so that the guards can come here and dispose of the body."

"Well, in that case I'd say it's time we finally head back to the rebel base," Melindra says. "Breynan, can you call your friend from the teleporter room?"

"Uh, yes, yes... I'll call him right now," Breynan says.


[17] "Let's go, then," Melindra says, as she heads towards the only non-hidden door leading out of the room. "If the guards catch on to us, we'll handle it when the time comes."

"I highly advise you to reconsider what you are about to do," the Overseer says. "Once you go through that door, there will be no turning back."

"What's that supposed to be?" I ask him. "Some sort of threat?"

The Overseer does not say anything, and he just continues to look at me with his large green eye.

"Whatever," I say. "Let's just go. I'm sure he's only bluffing."

We all go through the door and then up a flight of stairs, which leads us into an empty corridor that has its walls made of seredium, but not the ceiling. The only lighting from this corridor is coming from some torches on the walls, but the silence is a little unsettling. Is it really normal for the corridor leading into such an important room to be this empty?

"Do you suppose we're still below the tower now, or are we above the surface?" I ask.

"I don't know, but I'll try to see if I can contact Barry in the teleporter room from here," Breynan says.

He then takes out his transceiver and begins to talk into his transceiver, in a low voice.


[18] Just when she looks like she's about to make it, she suddenly gets a strong headache, making her lose her balance. She tries to quickly regain her footing, but it is too late, and one of her feet ends up on a wrong floor tile. As soon as the tile sinks into the ground, the entrance behind us immediately closes up, and the ceiling begins to tremble violently, while making a loud noise. After it's done trembling, the ceiling begins to slowly descend upon us.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" Flower says in a panicked voice, as the ceiling is now accelerating.

"We need to blast through this stone wall blocking the entrance quick!" Breynan says. "Before the ceiling--"

Breynan does not get to finish what he was saying, because the huge block of stone forming the ceiling suddenly drops on us, crushing us all underneath its weight.


[19] When she finally reaches the door on the other side, all of the floor tiles that she had stepped on rise back up to their original positions in unison, and the door in front of her opens up by itself.

"It's all good!" Flower shouts to us from the other end of the tunnel. "The trap is deactivated. You don't need to worry about the floor tiles anymore. Just come over here!"

We all listen to Flower and we head over to her side. Just like she said, the traps don't activate and we are able to reach the door safely. As soon as we walk into the next corridor, we hear the voice of a man to our right, speaking to us in a loud tone.

"Who the hell are you?!" the man shouts. "And how did you manage to get out of that hallway without triggering any of the traps?"

When we turn around, we see that there are three men dressed in uniforms with swords in their hands, all looking at us suspiciously. I should be very careful what I say, here. One wrong word and they could easily sound the alarm before we get to take them out.


[20] The three men then turn around and they slowly walk away from us, until we are no longer able to see them anymore.

"That was incredible..." Kate says, as soon as the three guards are out of earshot. "Did you see how quickly they believed that obvious lie? It's like those men completely lost their common sense the minute they heard Barry speak!"

"I don't understand what happened," Leila writes. "Barry's aura was calm, but anyone could have seen that he wasn't telling the truth just from the way he talked. If you add the fact that the reasons he gave were completely ridiculous, I'm starting to think that calming the aura is not the only thing that this 'Bluff' stat does."

"Did neither of you notice how Barry's aura enveloped the three guards while he was talking?" Melindra says. "I'm no expert, but I'm guessing that must have had something to do with their temporary lapse in judgment. Still, I really doubt that this technique could work on mages, or on anyone reasonably competent in controlling their auras, so Barry, maybe next time you might want to consider telling a lie that is at least somewhat believable. Wouldn't you agree?"


[21] "I should have done this the moment we opened that door..." Illuna says.

"Don't worry about it," Breynan says. "I'm sure we still have time to find our way out of here until the rest of the guards organize themselves to come greet us."

"The majority of the guards seem to be coming from the right side," Melindra says. "I suggest that we head to the left."

"Good thinking," Breynan says. "Let's move."

We all turn left and we make a run for the door at the end of the corridor. Once we open the door and step into the next hallway, Melindra tells us that she has detected a staircase leading upwards somewhere further down the hall. We take a right, then another right, and when we reach the stairs we begin to climb them as fast as we can, as we can hear the faint hurried steps of several guards from behind, who are slowly closing in on us.


[22] "That was not a bad bluff, Barry," Leila writes with a smile, while we're moving away from the guards. "The points you spent in that stat were not wasted."

As we keep advancing through the corridor, we eventually reach another door. Before we open it, Melindra stops us to give us a few pointers.

"There are some guards out there, but they're pretty far away from the door," she says. "Kate and Flower, I see that you're both suppressing the magic from your auras, but that's not enough if you want to avoid being detected by someone with keen magical sense. You need to suppress your auras completely, like Illuna. Can you do that?"

"I think so..." Kate says.

"We'll try!" Flower says.

"And the same goes for everyone else too," Melindra says. "Try to keep your auras as suppressed as possible, and with a little luck, we might be able to walk past those guards unnoticed."

"Suppress my aura," I say. "Right."

I try to conceal my aura as well as I can, using the breathing exercises that I learned from Illuna two weeks ago, but I only manage to partially hide it.


[23] "Crap," I say in a low voice. "What should I do? Should I tell him that I'm one of the cleaners?"

"Too late," we hear the man shouting, and soon afterwards a very loud noise echoes through the hall, as we are sensing more than a few guards moving in our direction.

"So much for being stealthy," Melindra says. "I guess we'll have to make a run for it. There are some stairs further down this corridor. They should help us get to one of the upper levels. Let's hurry."

We quicken our pace and we follow Melindra until we reach the end of the corridor. We then take a left and we soon get to the staircase that she mentioned earlier. As we are climbing the stairs, we can hear the faint hurried steps of some of the guards from behind, who are slowly closing in on us.


[24] "I can't turn it on right away," the other man says. "It needs to charge up a little first!"

"I just heard the guards talking about how the trap will need to charge up before they can use it again," I tell my friends. "We can go now. It's safe."

"Let's hurry, then," Kate says.

"You can hear them from that far away?..." Breynan asks me, as we're all quickly traversing the corridor with the deactivated electric trap.

"Yes, it's because of my stat device," I say. "But if we run into another one of these undetectable lessathi traps later on, we might not be so lucky next time. Melindra, isn't there a way in which you could detect these with your magical sense?"

"These are lessathi devices that are made specifically for the purpose of not being detected," Melindra says. "Even Arraka would have trouble finding these. All we can do is be really careful and hope for the best.

"I was afraid that you might say something like that," I say.


[25] "I'm... not sure how we're supposed to get past this one..." Breynan says.

"Couldn't Flower blow them up or something?" I say.

"Those blades are made of elven steel and they are heavily enchanted," Illuna says. "No spells of ours are anywhere near powerful enough to damage them."

"I could try to freeze the spinning blades in place with one of my spells," Kate says. "It probably won't last too long, but it might give us just enough time to be able to get to the stairs."

"What about Rose?" Flower asks us. "We could try asking her to freeze time for everyone in the world except us until we can get past the blades!"

"Last time I talked to her, Rose said she didn't make any meaningful progress with her time freezing training," I say. "I don't think she can help us."

"Last time you talked to her, Rose said she had a premonition in which she saw me almost get killed," Illuna says. "It's possible that she's actually been making a little more progress than what she told you so far. We already know that there aren't enough seredium walls between her and us to block our communication completely, given that she's situated on the surface, so contacting her could be worth a try."


[26] "I don't know..." Rose says. "About... thirty seconds?"

"That should give us enough time to get past the spinning blades," I tell the others. "I think we should try it."

"Spinning blades?!" Rose asks shocked. "Barry, I don't think--"

"Listen, we don't have much time," I say. "There are dozens of guards breathing down our necks and they could be here any minute. Your spell freezes time in the whole world, so it should technically be possible to unfreeze us from where you are. The rebels from this city have a teleporting device that locks onto the signals from our transceivers whenever it tries to cast its spell on us. Maybe you could try doing the same thing with your spell. Try to focus on the connection between our two transceivers and maybe you could unfreeze time just for us, so we can get safely past the blades while you're still freezing the time for everyone else in the world. Do you think you can do that?"

"I can try, but... Barry, if I lose control over the spell while you're in there you'll--"


[27] "We're not teleporting out of here before we get to the control room," Kate says.

"Your control room plan may have worked if we had managed to remain undetected, but once the alarms went off, teleporting out of this place became our only option," Breynan says. "Time is of the essence, here. We'll deal with the prisoners some other time."

He then taps his transceiver and puts it close to his mouth.

"Barry, can you hear me?" Breynan says.

"Good gods, what is that infernal noise?" the teleporter guy says, as he hears the loud alarms that are still audible all around us. "And where have you been all this time? Actually, never mind that. I'm going to-- hey, can you still hear me? The signal is failing. What's happening on your end? Hello?!"

"Yes, Barry, we're still here!" Breynan says. "Can you hear us? Answer me!"

It sounds like the teleporter guy is still saying something, but the magical signal is much too poor for us to be able to understand any of his words. When I look around the room to figure out what's happening, I see that four flying drones with orange-colored eyes are now slowly moving in to surround us, while a green-eyed drone flies past them and stops a few feet away from our position.


[28] He then taps his transceiver and puts it close to his mouth.

"Barry, can you hear me?" Breynan says.

"Good gods, what is that infernal noise?" the teleporter guy says, as he hears the loud alarms that are still audible all around us. "And where have you been all this time? Actually, never mind that. I'm going to-- hey, can you still hear me? The signal is failing. What's happening on your end? Hello?!"

"Yes, Barry, we're still here!" Breynan says. "Can you hear us? Answer me!"

It sounds like the teleporter guy is still saying something, but the magical signal is much too poor for us to be able to understand any of his words. When I look around the room to figure out what's happening, I see that four flying drones with orange-colored eyes are now slowly moving in to surround us, while a green-eyed drone flies past them and stops a few feet away from our position.


[29] My heart rate is through the roof. The speed at which I'm deciphering every one of the spells is breathtaking, and it feels as if the time has slowed down to a halt in order to allow me to have all these thoughts racing through my head at the same time. It feels like entire minutes have passed, but in reality, I don't think it's been more than a few seconds. The way before me is clear. I know what I have to do.

"We need to disrupt the flow of the spell!" I tell everyone around me, speaking as fast as I can, while the magical energy inside the cage is becoming so dense that it's almost palpable. "I need everyone who is a mage to cast the simplest spells they have, whenever I raise my right hand. It doesn't matter what spell, as long as you can cast it in the blink of an eye. I don't have time to explain why. Just trust me on this!"

The others look at each other for a second, but then they turn their heads back to me, and they all give me a curt nod. I wait two seconds and then I raise my right hand. At the same time, Kate creates a small cube of ice, Flower sends a tiny ball of fire flying into the air, Illuna sprinkles some water on the ground, Breynan casts an orb of light and Melindra makes a few air currents rotate above her palm.


[30] It looks like the magical barrier it had around it wasn't all that good against close-ranged attacks. This means that I might be able to finish off the rest of the drones in the same way. I just have to be a little more careful about the way I approach them.

I fly towards another one of the drones, I feint an attack with my dagger, and then I fly back just when the metal ball shoots a fire beam at me. As soon as it's done with its attack, I fly back towards it and I try to stab it with my blade as hard as I can. This time, however, the tip of my dagger gets stopped by the barrier surrounding the drone, and the same metal ball now seems to be creating two slates of rock that it wants to smash my head with.

"Barry, get back!" Kate says, as she shoots an icicle straight into the drone's eye, making it drop to the ground and also causing the slates of rock to disappear.

"Oh, now I get it!" I say. "They're having trouble switching between their defensive barriers! It looks like one of their barriers is stronger against physical attacks, while the other is stronger against magical attacks, but they can't use them both at the same time. You know what that means, right?"

I then take out my crossbow, as Kate and Illuna both ready up their spells. Before the other two drones get the chance to defend themselves, the three of us shoot them simultaneously with crossbow bolts, water lances and icicles, which destroy the metal balls in a matter of seconds.


[31] Just as I'm about to throw the third rock, the drone shoots an ice beam out of its eye, freezing me completely. Before I even get to fall, the same drone generates two slates of rock out of thin air, and it smashes my head between them, killing me in an instant.


[32] Just as I'm about to throw the third rock, the drone shoots an ice beam out of its eye, which envelops me completely. Instead of freezing me, however, the drone only manages to freeze the hardened aura around me, which means that the only effect it has on me is that I'm feeling a little cold. I decide to drop the plan with the rocks and I pull out my dagger instead. My weapon easily passes through the drone's barrier, and I manage to stab it repeatedly in its eye, until its propeller stops working and the metal ball drops to the ground.

So the drone really was weak against physical attacks... This means that I might be able to finish off the rest of the drones in the same way. I just have to be a little more careful about the way I approach them.

I fly towards another one of the drones, I feint an attack with my dagger, and then I fly back just when the metal ball shoots a fire beam at me. As soon as it's done with its attack, I fly back towards it and I try to stab it with my blade as hard as I can. This time, however, the tip of my dagger gets stopped by the barrier surrounding the drone, and the same metal ball now seems to be creating two slates of rock that it wants to smash my head with.


[33] Surprisingly, the barrier around the metal ball is not affected at all, and the light from its eye does not flicker even once. Before I get the time to make sense of what's happening, Kate shoots the same drone that I was attacking with an icicle, which passes right through its barrier, hitting it in the eye. As the metal ball falls to the ground, I begin to finally understand what is going on.

"Oh, now I get it!" I say. "They're having trouble switching between their defensive barriers! It looks like one of their barriers is stronger against physical attacks, while the other is stronger against magical attacks, but they can't use them both at the same time. You know what that means, right?"

I then aim my crossbow at the next drone, as Kate and Illuna both ready up their spells. Before the other two drones get the time to defend themselves, the three of us shoot them simultaneously with crossbow bolts, water lances and icicles, which destroy the metal balls in a matter of seconds.


[34] "But why?" Breynan asks. "What could have possibly driven the king to take these rash actions?"

"Oh, I'll tell you what!" the teleporter guy says, as he mashes a few buttons and now a new group is being teleported inside the room. "The king announced his reasons as soon as he initiated the lockdown. He said that his brother has been murdered in Thilias, and that his killers are hiding in this very city right now! That's the entire reason for this whole lockdown. So that the city guards can search every house and see if anyone is hiding the murderers!"

"The king's brother was killed in Thilias?" I ask, feigning ignorance. "But... how did he find out about this?"

"Do you really need to ask?" the teleporter guy says. "There is only one person who represents the king in Thilias and who would have been there to witness the events."

"You mean..."

"Yes," the teleporter guy says. "The ambassador from Thilias has returned."

