
[1] 

[2] "You do have a point," Melindra says.

"The Overseer protocol assures you that there is nothing to be suspicious about," the Overseer says. "The protocol's only purpose is to provide assistance."

"Yeah, you see... the thing is that saying stuff like that only makes you seem more suspicious," Breynan says.

"If you don't think he's leading us into a trap, then I do not see the problem," Illuna says. "We already decided that we would cooperate with the Overseer before we left the rebel base. Otherwise we would have never bothered to respond to his initial invitation. Whether he has any personal goals or not should not concern us unless we have reasons to believe that they'd conflict with our own."


[3] "So you think that the Overseer might be following somebody's orders, then?" Illuna says. "Do you think he might be leading us into a trap?"

"No, the Overseer is nobody's lapdog," Breynan says. "And if he really wanted us dead, he could have just stalled us until the royal guards reached us, while we were on the surface. I'm not saying that he necessarily means us any harm, I'm just saying that he's acting a little strange, that's all. Even the way he talks feels a little different. You can tell that he's not pretending to be a dumb machine anymore."

"You do have a point," Melindra says.

"The Overseer protocol assures you that there is nothing to be suspicious about," the Overseer says. "The protocol's only purpose is to provide assistance."

"Yeah, you see... the thing is that saying stuff like that only makes you seem more suspicious," Breynan says.

"If you don't think he's leading us into a trap, then I do not see the problem," Illuna says. "We already decided that we would cooperate with the Overseer before we left the rebel base. Otherwise we would have never bothered to respond to his initial invitation. Whether he has any personal goals or not should not concern us unless we have reasons to believe that they'd conflict with our own."


[4] Just as Breynan begins contacting the guy from the teleporter room, a very loud noise fills the room all of a sudden, which I am assuming is an alarm meant to warn all of the guards in the tower of our presence.

"Barry, can you hear me?" Breynan shouts in his transceiver.

"Good gods, what is that infernal noise?" the teleporter guy says. "And where have you been all this time? You know what? Never mind! There are plenty of people waiting in line to get teleported. You all seem calm enough, so I'll teleport you back right away. Are you ready?"

"Yes, we're ready," Breynan says. "Teleport us now!"

"Understood," the teleporter guy says, and then a white light starts to surround us, as our bodies are vibrating loudly.

"Bye-bye, Overseer," I say, as I wave to the green-eyed drone while being teleported. "I don't think we'll be seeing you again anytime soon."


[5] "One week," the Overseer says. "However, if your primary purpose is to reduce the number of victims, this course of action is highly inadvisable. According to my estimations, the chaos that would ensue as a result of deactivating every technologically advanced device in the city at once would most likely lead to a large number of civilian casualties. Would that be an acceptable compromise for you?"

"No..." Kate says, as she calms down a little. "I suppose not."

"Then I would like to propose to you an alternative solution," the Overseer says. "By analyzing the information you've given me so far, I have concluded that your goal is to minimize the amount of emotional and physical suffering for the people living in this city. This happens to be the same goal that the lessathi of old had in mind when they first created the Overseer protocol. If I were to obtain full control of this city, such a scenario would become achievable. But that would require you to both successfully assassinate the current king, and to willingly grant me full control of Ollendor once you conquer the city. Essentially, you would be making me the new king."

"Hold on a minute, there..." I say. "First of all, what do you mean the lessathi of old created you to 'minimize suffering'? What exactly was your original purpose before you started 'assisting yourself'?" 


[6] "I don't know how to tell you this, but I don't think the rebels would ever accept to be ruled by a machine," Breynan says. "And neither would most of the people in this city!"

"I never said that I would be leading the city openly," the Overseer says. "The official king could be somebody else, and the citizens would simply think that my drones are controlled by the royalty, as they did before now. As long as the people think that the machines are being controlled by a human, there should be no riots. Of course, that would mean that the official king would need to be someone that I could cooperate with. Like you, Breynan."

"Me?..." Breynan says. "Become the king of the city?..."

"Affirmative," the Overseer says. "I would much rather have someone like you in control of my deactivation switch than Biliborrathrathsarran. The lessathi is far too unpredictable. And since you would be the official king, you could also tell me if you considered my measures to be too extreme, so I could adjust them to be more 'humane'. I believe this was the main worry that the lessathi of old had when they refused to hand over the control to me. You would be able to keep me in check, and I would be able to exist peacefully, without fear of being deactivated again. All sides would have something to gain from such an arrangement."


[7] He then takes out his transceiver and puts it close to his mouth.

"Barry, can you hear me?" Breynan shouts in the transceiver.

"Breynan?" the teleporter guy says. "Where have you been all this time? I've been trying to call you for ages! Actually, you know what? Never mind! There are plenty of people waiting in line to get teleported. You all seem calm enough, so I'll teleport you back right away. Are you ready?"

"Yes, we're ready," Breynan says. "Teleport us now!"

"Understood," the teleporter guy says, and then a white light starts to surround us, as our bodies are vibrating loudly.

"Farewell," the Overseer says, as we are being teleported out of the room. "I'm sure we'll be seeing each other again quite soon."


[8] "Barry, can you hear me?" he says.

We wait for a few seconds, but we get no answer.

"Nothing," Breynan says, as he puts his transceiver back in his pocket. "I guess this means that we're still underground. Either that, or the seredium walls are simply too thick. Anyway, let's keep moving forward."

"Stop!" Flower shouts, all of a sudden. "I think there might be traps in here!"

"I'm not sensing any magical traps," I say. "Are you saying there are some lessathi devices that will trigger if we walk through here, or just some regular traps?"

"Regular traps," Flower says. "Something about the way the floor is made reminds me of the kind of ruins that Illuna and I usually visit. I think we need to step on the floor tiles in a certain order, or else the trap will get triggered."

"Couldn't we just fly past this corridor with the help of Melindra?" I say.

"If we do that, the door at the end of the tunnel won't unlock," Flower says. "And if we try to open it by force, that will also activate the trap. Don't worry, I think I know which floor tiles we need to step on. Just give me a second!"


[9] "Right, right," I say. "I got a little carried away, there. My bad."

"So, which way should we go?" Flower asks.

"Well, the guards went to the right, so that's likely the way that leads to the exit," Breynan says. "We want to avoid going there unless we're prepared to fight every single guard in this place, so we should probably go to the left."

"Fair enough," Melindra says. "To the left it is."

We all turn left and we keep walking until we reach a door at the end of the corridor. Once we open the door and step into the next hallway, Melindra tells us that she has detected a staircase leading upwards somewhere further down the hall. We take a right, then another right, and when we reach the stairs we begin to climb them slowly, while we rely on Melindra to tell us if there are any guards following us or not.

We manage to get up the stairs without any problems, and then we traverse another long corridor before we begin heading for the next staircase that leads to one of the upper levels.


[10] "We'll make sure to get out before that happens," I say. "It shouldn't take us more than fifteen seconds to get to the stairs. We can make it. You just try to hold onto the spell as long as you can. Okay, are you ready?"

"I suppose..." Rose says. "Give me a moment."

After about ten seconds of waiting, Rose suddenly begins to breathe very heavily into the transceiver.

"Is something wrong?..." I say.

"It's nothing," Rose says, in a tired voice. "I already froze the time twice, but I couldn't get you unfrozen. I'm sure I can do it right if I try it a third time."

"No, actually, I think maybe we should stop before--"

"Barry, can you hear me?!" I hear Rose shouting very loudly all of a sudden.

"Yes, I can hear you," I say. "I was saying that--"

"Barry, the time is frozen!" Rose says. "Head for the stairs. Do it now! I don't know how long I can hold this!"

When I look at the blades, I realize that they've all stopped completely, and the flames from the torches on the walls are also apparently frozen in time. We're not going to get a better chance than this. We need to take advantage of this opportunity while it still lasts.

"You heard Rose," I tell the others. "Go, go, go!"


[11] "I warned you that there would be no turning back," we hear the Overseer's voice, coming from the green-eyed drone.

"What are you talking about?" I ask him. "Who's blocking our signal? Is it those orange-eyed drones?"

"Goodbye," the green-eyed drone says, and then it flies away from us, while the orange-eyed drones magically create a semi-transparent cage around themselves and us in order to prevent us from escaping.

When Kate, Flower and Illuna try to shoot the drones down with their magic, the metal balls don't even bother getting out of the way, as a strong magical barrier activates around each of them and it easily deflects all of the incoming projectiles.

The air around us is gradually becoming heavier, and it's getting harder and harder to breathe. The pressure coming from all of the magical energy being gathered into one place is making it hard for us to even keep standing up. I don't know what spell these drones are preparing to cast, but whatever it is, it's going to be massive.


[12] I then lower my hand and they all stop their spells, waiting for my next signal. Five seconds later, I raise my hand again, and everyone casts the same spells as before, looking anxiously around them to see if anything has changed. The air is still heavy, but it doesn't feel like the drones' spell has been progressing in any way since our mages began casting their own spells. I continue to predict the rhythm of the drones' magic flow by using every piece of information I know about how their spells are supposed to be cast. With the aid of my magical sense stat, I can finally detect the flows well enough to be able to put all of that magical theory I've learned into practice.

I keep raising my hand in the air at the perfect timing, and my friends keep following my instructions. When I raise my hand for the eight time, the pressure around us disappears completely all of a sudden, and it seems like the spell that the drones were casting has been permanently cancelled. The drones are currently not moving at all, looking as if they were stunned.


[13] "Barry, get back!" Kate says, as she shoots an icicle straight into the drone's eye, making it drop to the ground and also causing the slates of rock to disappear.

"Oh, now I get it!" I say. "They're having trouble switching between their defensive barriers! It looks like one of their barriers is stronger against physical attacks, while the other is stronger against magical attacks, but they can't use them both at the same time. You know what that means, right?"

I then take out my crossbow, as Kate and Illuna both ready up their spells. Before the other two drones get the time to defend themselves, the three of us shoot them simultaneously with crossbow bolts, water lances and icicles, which destroy the metal balls in a matter of seconds.

