
[1] 

[2] "I highly doubt it," Illuna says, with blue flames in her eyes, as Melindra is still moving her around with the air currents. "The whole city is under the Overseer's control, not just the palace. If he truly wanted to ambush us, then he could have just as easily done it anywhere else."

"Hey, Melindra, could you move me a little closer to that wall over there?" Flower says, as the flames in her eyes now turn red. "I think I might have seen a loose brick. Maybe there's hidden treasure in this castle!"

"You're not allowed to do anything until you get rid of these flames," Illuna tells Flower. "You promised that you'd deal with it, so deal with it!"

"But I'm so tired from leading all those rebels in the ethereal plane to their sanctuaries!" Flower says. "Couldn't I just take a teeny weeny little break?"

"You'll get your break once you finish what you're supposed to do," Illuna says. "Now get back to work."

"Fine..." Flower says. "I'll see what I can do."


[3] "Right," I say. "I'll do that."

It's now been more than an hour since we teleported back to the rebel's underground base after defeating the Overseer. During this time, Flower and Peter have been very busy guiding all of the rebels' souls back to their sanctuaries in the ethereal plane, and once the last of them woke up, the king of the underground called for an urgent meeting, so that all of the underground denizens could democratically choose who would be their proposal for the new king of Ollendor, now that the old king was dead.


[4] "That is indeed a possibility," Illuna says, as she looks at the amulet hanging from her neck, from which we can hear the continuous muffled sound of Arraka trying to shout at us. "Let us test out your hypothesis."

She then briefly opens the amulet's locket, so that we can hear what Arraka has to say.

"--and when I'm done with your families, I will kill you in the slowest, most painful way you can imagine!" we hear Arraka shouting. "Your eyes will melt from your face, while your heads will feel like they are exploding a thousand times per second--"

"It looks like your hypothesis was slightly incorrect," Illuna says, after she closes back the locket. "Arraka did not in fact become more helpful when I opened up the amulet. Perhaps a little spinning could make her slightly more cooperative. Would anyone care to give it a try?"


[5] "Yeah, but it's not just about the training," Daren says. "Her overall behavior has changed a lot as well. She's been cracking far less jokes at our expense lately, and she even helped me deal with the plague from the underground base. Frankly, with the way she's been contributing to our efforts in the last few days, I'd dare to say that she may legitimately be on her way to becoming an invaluable part of the team."

"Part of the team?!" Illuna says, incredulous, as Arraka seems to have finally become quiet, after hearing Daren's words. "You can't be serious!"

She then pauses for a few seconds, to take a good look at each of us in turn.

"Please tell me that the rest of you don't also agree with him!" Illuna says.

"I mean, to be fair, we didn't really see Arraka do anything wrong this time," Hadrik says. "We were all still in the ethereal plane when you decided to close her amulet because she was annoying you. Unless there's something I'm missing, none of us should have any real reason to spin--"

"I'm not talking about the spinning anymore," Illuna says. "I'm talking about her being part of the team! Do any of you really think that? Do you genuinely think that she could ever be on your side?"

"Illuna..." Kate says. "Right now, like it or not, we ARE on the same side. At least until this whole conflict with the God of Time gets resolved. I thought we had all already agreed that we would accept her help."


[6] "Part of the team?!" Illuna says, incredulous, as Arraka seems to have finally become quiet, after hearing Daren's words. "You can't be serious!"

She then pauses for a few seconds, to take a good look at each of us in turn.

"Please tell me that the rest of you don't also agree with him!" Illuna says.

"I mean, to be fair, we didn't really see Arraka do anything wrong this time," Hadrik says. "We were all still in the ethereal plane when you decided to close her amulet because she was annoying you. Unless there's something I'm missing, none of us should have any real reason to spin--"

"I'm not talking about the spinning anymore," Illuna says. "I'm talking about her being part of the team! Do any of you really think that? Do you genuinely think that she could ever be on your side?"

"Illuna..." Kate says. "Right now, like it or not, we ARE on the same side. At least until this whole conflict with the God of Time gets resolved. I thought we had all already agreed that we would accept her help."


[7] The drones seem to be using wind magic to blow into the trumpets, since they do not have mouths, but somehow they are perfectly in tune with each other and they aren't getting even one note wrong. I immediately recognize the music I'm hearing as being one of the most commonly used songs during public coronation events.

As we are all making our way into the throne room, a green-eyed drone with a red mantle placed on top of its round metal surface is now entering the room as well, from the side, and it is slowly advancing towards the throne, where a few red-eyed drones are waiting for it. Once the green-eyed drone reaches its destination, the song from the trumpets stops, as one of the red-eyed drones begins to speak.

"By the power vested in me by the gods, you are hereby appointed as the new king of Ollendor," the drone says. "You may now receive your crown."

Two other red-eyed drones are now approaching the green-eyed one while holding a crown with their long metal prongs. They then drop the crown on top of the green-eyed drone from above, but the crown hits the propeller on its way down, and it gets flung into one of the walls at great speed, ricocheting a few times before it finally falls on the ground.

"What in the gods' names--" Hadrik starts to say, too stunned to be able to finish a sentence. "What is-- I mean, who are you even trying to-- Daren, I give up, you say something to him!"


[8] "I believe it would be quicker to give you a demonstration than to explain it to you ," the Overseer says. "Please stand by. If you are to experience any discomfort during the next few minutes, you are advised to seek out the nearest red-eyed unit for a quick medical check-up."

As soon as the green-eyed drone stops talking, the world around us suddenly disappears, and it is replaced by a sea of light, as far as the eye can see. It doesn't take me long to realize that my perspective has once again been forcefully switched to that of my soul on the ethereal plane, and that all of our souls were kicked out of our minds again by the Overseer.

When I look around us, I see that aside from all of my friends and the green-eyed drone that we were talking to earlier, we are also being accompanied by about a hundred or so red-eyed drones that are surrounding us from every direction, making it impossible for us to escape from them. One other thing I'm noticing is that both Flower and Illuna's souls are here with us as well, which means that there is currently nobody inside Flower's sanctuary from the ethereal plane to control Flower's body from the earthen plane. 

"As you can see," the green-eyed drone tells us, on the ethereal plane, "while you were busy making your way to the palace, I have been working on improving my soul displacement technique so that it now transports your souls to an exact location on the ethereal plane instead of randomly teleporting you all across the ether. I have also made use of this time to further develop a disintegration beam that can only function on the ethereal plane. Would you like to see it in action?"


[9] "Barry, I can't believe what I'm hearing..." Daren says. "I know that the king of the underground was a jerk, but--"

"He was more than just a jerk," I say. "He wanted to have us assassinated. What was to guarantee that he wouldn't try the same thing again if he got out of prison? And what about Leila and doctor Reidzek? How could we leave them in this city with that madman still running loose?"

"You can't just decide things like this on a whim," Daren says. "We're talking about people's lives, here! You say that the king wanted us assassinated, but there's barely any proof that Peter was even involved in that plot. Why would you kill him too? Just because he was a witness?"

"That is... one of the reasons," I admit to him. "But he was also one of the rebel leaders working directly under him. Even if he wasn't directly involved in the plot to kill us, he surely must have at least known about it!"

"You disappoint me, Barry," Daren says, in a sad tone of voice. "I thought you were better than this... I don't understand how you could--"

He pauses.

"Never mind..." he continues, after a short while. "It doesn't look like any words from me will make you change your mind, so I think it might be better to drop the subject altogether. What's done is done. Let's try to focus on the future."

"Hey, Overseer," Melindra says. "You mentioned earlier that you would only rule the city from the shadows. Who is going to be the official king, then?"


[10] "No, but we already know that the king of the underground wanted to have us assassinated," I say. "What was to guarantee that he wouldn't try the same thing again if he got out of prison? And what about Leila and doctor Reidzek? How could we leave them in this city with that madman still running loose?"

"You can't just decide things like this on a whim," Daren says. "We're talking about people's lives, here! You say that the king wanted us assassinated, but there's barely any proof that Peter was even involved in that plot. Why would you kill him too? Just because he was a witness?"

"That is... one of the reasons," I admit to him. "But he was also one of the rebel leaders working directly under him. Even if he wasn't directly involved in the plot to kill us, he surely must have at least known about it!"

"You disappoint me, Barry," Daren says, in a sad tone of voice. "I thought you were better than this... I don't understand how you could--"

He pauses.

"Never mind..." he continues, after a short while. "It doesn't look like any words from me will make you change your mind, so I think it might be better to drop the subject altogether. What's done is done. Let's try to focus on the future."

"Hey, Overseer," Melindra says. "You mentioned earlier that you would only rule the city from the shadows. Who is going to be the official king, then?"


[11] "You disappoint me, Barry," Daren says, in a sad tone of voice. "I thought you were better than this... I don't understand how you could--"

He pauses.

"Never mind..." he continues, after a short while. "It doesn't look like any words from me will make you change your mind, so I think it might be better to drop the subject altogether. What's done is done. Let's try to focus on the future."

"Hey, Overseer," Melindra says. "You mentioned earlier that you would only rule the city from the shadows. Who is going to be the official king, then?"


[12] "That remains to be seen," the Overseer says. "Ideally, it should be someone who is easily manipulatable, but also not stupid enough to give away his connection to me. Most people would react badly if they found out that a machine was the real ruler behind the scenes, so it would be best to avoid such a scenario."

"Right," Melindra says.


[13] "The official king is going to be Breynan, as we've established previously," the Overseer says. "That was the deal we made, was it not?"

"Oh, right," Melindra says. "I forgot about that. My bad."


[14] "The official king is going to be Breynan, as we've established previously," the Overseer says. "That was the deal we made, was it not?"

"We also discussed Kelrim as an alternative, but we didn't reach a definitive conclusion," Daren reminds the Overseer. "You said that we were going revisit this matter after the end of the battle."

"Indeed," the Overseer says. "However, when I agreed to help you at first, it was under the condition that Breynan would be the official king. After you mentioned the goblin, I did some research on him and unfortunately, according to my predictions he and I would not be able to cooperate properly. One of the main reasons why I brought you here in the ethereal plane is because I wanted to make sure that the terms of our deal will be upheld by both sides. Now, tell me, do we still have an agreement or not?"

"...You're right," Daren says, in a somewhat defeated tone. "We were the ones who accepted your condition of Breynan being the king, so it's too late to change that now. I only hope this means you will also respect the other terms of our arrangement."

"Yes," the Overseer says. "That is my intention."


[15] "The Overseer protocol is detecting a hostile tone in your voice," the Overseer says. "If you do not correct your attitude, I may be forced to take action against you and your group. According to my calculations, Barry, Illuna and Flower will not be able to defend all of you from the disintegration beams of my red-eyed drones, and the rest of you are almost powerless here, on the ethereal plane. If you wish to confront me, then you should be aware that the blood of your friends will be on your hands. Think to yourself. Is it really worth it to have your friends die for the sake of some mages that you didn't even know about before you came to Ollendor?"

Kate does not answer the Overseer, but I can see on her face that she is very conflicted.

"Your time is up," The Overseer says, after a few more seconds of silence. "Initiating disintegration sequence in three, two, one--"

"Wait!" Kate shouts, as the red-eyed drones were just about to fire their disintegration beams. "I understand. I won't ask any more questions. I'll... take your word for it that the issues concerning the seredium towers will truly be resolved."

"The Overseer protocol thanks you for your understanding," the Overseer says, as the red-eyed drones are now all cancelling their beams. "There is no need to worry. The Overseer protocol is designed to carry out all of its assignments with utmost efficiency. We assure you that you will have no reason to complain."


[16] "And when exactly do you estimate that this could all be done?" Kate asks.

"In the most ideal conditions, it should take no more than two weeks," the Overseer says. "However, the ideal conditions are almost never guaranteed, so the most likely scenario is that the preparations would be complete somewhere between three weeks and a month."

"I see," Kate says.


[17] Soon after we get out of the palace, we hear Flower gasping loudly, while she is still being carried by Melindra's air currents.

"I think I got it!" Flower says, in a loud voice. "Melindra, can you put me down for a second?"

"Huh?" Melindra says. "Oh yeah, sure."

She then waves her hands towards her, and Flower is gently lowered to the ground.

"Thanks!" Flower says. "Alright, here I go. Wish me luck!"

Before any of us have the time to ask what she's doing, Flower begins to squeeze her fists really hard, while her arms are trembling in front of her. As she is apparently gathering every ounce of focus that she has in order to concentrate on her current task, her eyes begin to gradually turn back to their normal green color, while the invisible burning flames in her aura also seem to be slowly getting extinguished.

A few seconds later, Flower returns completely back to normal, with a big smile on her face.

"Hah!" she says, happily. "I did it! I can't believe I managed to do it! I have it all under control, now! Look!"

She then squeezes her fists again, and her eyes begin to turn back to their glowy red color from earlier. Right in the middle of her transformation, her eyes turn blue all of a sudden and Flower smacks herself in the head very hard, which causes her eyes to turn back to normal immediately.


[18] Not long after our discussion, the men in charge of gathering the votes pass by us and collect our voting papers. We all paid close attention to what they were doing, but even though the crowd of people obscured our view a few times, it didn't seem like they had the opportunity to switch such a large number of votes without us noticing. Once the votes have been gathered, the men placed the papers on the podium and then they started counting them, while several supposedly neutral observers were checking on them, to make sure that they were doing the count correctly.

"Do you think they could just fake the counting?" Hadrik says. "I have no idea who those observers are supposed to be. Can they be trusted?"


[19] "You're not getting any breaks until I see your eyes turning back from red to green," Illuna says. "Now get back to work."

"Fine..." Flower says. "I'll see what I can do."

"Don't you think you're being a little harsh on her?" Kate asks Illuna, once the color of her eyes turns blue again.

"I'm doing this for her own good," Illuna says. "The more time she spends in this evolved state of hers, the more risky it gets. If she doesn't learn to transform herself back to normal at will, she could easily burn herself out. This isn't a matter that we can just put on hold until later. It's very serious."

"I understand that, but... isn't there some way you could help her?" Kate says.

"Unfortunately, no," Illuna says. "I do not have much knowledge about ethereals, and Arraka hasn't exactly been of much help either. Right now, Flower is the only one who can figure out what happened to her, and how to undo the transformation."

"So, I'm just throwing around ideas here," Hadrik says, "but don't you think you might have a better chance of getting help from Arraka if you would open her locket?"


[20] Not long afterwards, the vote counters announce the victor, and to our surprise, Albert was the one who won.

"Albert won?!" Hadrik says, as Albert is now going up on the podium to give his victory speech. "Seriously? Him of all people?"

"I told you that you shouldn't dismiss him just because he's the king of the underground's right hand man," Daren says. "It looks like the people around here had a much better opinion of him than the rest of us."

"Yeah," Hadrik says. "Either that, or they REALLY hated the king of the underground."


[21] Not long afterwards, the vote counters announce the victor, and to our surprise, Peter was the one who won.

"Peter won?..." Hadrik says, as Peter is now going up on the podium to give his victory speech. "Now that is a pleasant surprise! How in the world did that happen?"

"I told you that he was very well-liked around here," Daren says. "First impressions can be deceiving sometimes. He may have looked a little wishy-washy to us, from the few interactions we had with him, but we have to remember that he was still one of the three rebel leaders. Clearly, these people must know another side of him that is unfamiliar to us."

"Well, as far as I'm concerned, anyone is better than the king of the underground," Hadrik says, "but Peter isn't a particularly bad choice, if you ask me. I'm glad that he's the one who ended up winning!"

"Yeah, me too," Daren says. "Of all the choices available, he was clearly the best one."

"Let's just hope that he isn't as spineless as he appears," Kate says, "and that he won't still be taking orders from the king of the underground even after he is appointed as king of Ollendor."

"Ah, don't worry about it!" Hadrik says. "I'm sure he'll do fine!"


[22] Not long afterwards, the vote counters announce the victor, and to nobody's surprise, the king of the underground was the one who won. As the king gets up on the podium to give his victory speech, Daren turns towards us again, with a visibly unhappy look on his face.

"Well..." Daren says. "We can't say that we weren't expecting this, but that still doesn't make things any less disappointing."

"Hey, maybe he won't be that bad as a ruler," Hadrik says. "Just because we don't like his personality, it doesn't mean that he has poor leadership skills."

"It's not his leadership skills that I'm worried about, but rather his intentions," Daren says. "Either way, there's nothing we can do about it now. In a way, it's also our fault for not being able to come up with a candidate proposal good enough to properly compete with him, so we can't really complain."

"To be fair, we've only been here for a few days," Hadrik says. "We barely know these people. Maybe it's better that we didn't involve ourselves too much in their election. We already interfered enough as it is."

"Yeah..." Daren says. "Perhaps you're right."


[23] Not long afterwards, the vote counters announce the victor, and to our surprise, Kelrim was the one who won.

"Kelrim won?!" Hadrik says, as Kelrim is now going up on the podium to give his victory speech. "I can't believe it! The little guy actually did it!"

"Yeah, I never thought it could be this easy..." Daren says, looking as if he's still not done recovering from the shock. "Has the king of the underground really made no effort whatsoever to win this election through dishonest means?"

"Maybe he was overconfident in his success," Hadrik says.

"No, that's impossible!" Daren says. "He saw with his own eyes how many people wanted Kelrim to be king. He couldn't have been that blind. I don't get it. Could we really have misjudged him this whole time?"

"Well, the election's technically not over yet, so let's keep a lookout just in case," Hadrik says. "You never know what might happen."


[24] "I wanted him to ruin your reputations, of course," the king says. "Albert was to spread rumors of you secretly working with the Overseer, so that the people here would lose their trust in you and refuse to join your side in case you were planning to oppose the idea of the election. Of course, this plan was only to be enacted if you actively tried to delegitimize the election, which thankfully is not something that you chose to do."

"What about the seredium towers?" Kate interjects. "What's going to happen to all those prisoners now?"

"Everything will happen exactly the way I've described it to you before," the king of the underground says. "First of all, we will prioritize the safety of all the relatives of our underground denizens. Then, we will try to rescue as many of the prisoners as we can, without critically affecting the energy supply of the city, starting with the children and the elderly. Lastly, for the rest of the mages that will remain trapped in the towers, we will have to find a way to replace the power source, but it won't be easy, and it might take some time. However, we will try to expedite our research as much as we can, in order to not prolong their suffering needlessly."

"I see..." Kate says.


[25] "I wanted him to ruin your reputations, of course," the king says. "Albert was to spread rumors of you secretly working with the Overseer, so that the people here would lose their trust in you and refuse to join your side in case you were planning to oppose the idea of the election. Of course, this plan was only to be enacted if you actively tried to delegitimize the election, which thankfully is not something that you chose to do."

"What about the seredium towers?" Kate interjects. "What's going to happen to all those prisoners now?"

"That will depend on what Albert will ultimately decide to do," the king says, "but normally, he should go with the initial plan that I described to you in the past. First of all, we will prioritize the safety of all the relatives of our underground denizens. Then, we will try to rescue as many of the prisoners as we can, without critically affecting the energy supply of the city, starting with the children and the elderly. Lastly, for the rest of the mages that will remain trapped in the towers, we will have to find a way to replace the power source, but it won't be easy, and it might take some time. However, we will try to expedite our research as much as we can, in order to not prolong their suffering needlessly."

"I see..." Kate says.


[26] "I wanted him to ruin your reputations, of course," the king says. "Albert was to spread rumors of you secretly working with the Overseer, so that the people here would lose their trust in you and refuse to join your side in case you were planning to oppose the idea of the election. Of course, this plan was only to be enacted if you actively tried to delegitimize the election, which thankfully is not something that you chose to do."

"What about the seredium towers?" Kate interjects. "What's going to happen to all those prisoners now?"

"That will depend on what Peter will ultimately decide to do," the king says, "but normally, he should go with the initial plan that I described to you in the past. First of all, we will prioritize the safety of all the relatives of our underground denizens. Then, we will try to rescue as many of the prisoners as we can, without critically affecting the energy supply of the city, starting with the children and the elderly. Lastly, for the rest of the mages that will remain trapped in the towers, we will have to find a way to replace the power source, but it won't be easy, and it might take some time. However, we will try to expedite our research as much as we can, in order to not prolong their suffering needlessly."

"I see..." Kate says.


[27] "I wanted him to ruin your reputations, of course," the king says. "Albert was to spread rumors of you secretly working with the Overseer, so that the people here would lose their trust in you and refuse to join your side in case you were planning to oppose the idea of the election. Of course, this plan was only to be enacted if you actively tried to delegitimize the election, which thankfully is not something that you chose to do."

"What about the seredium towers?" Kate interjects. "What's going to happen to all those prisoners now?"

"I'm afraid that this is something you will have to ask our newly elected goblin king instead of me," the king of the underground says. "I honestly have no idea what he'll decide to do about this particular matter. I have no idea what he'll decide to do about many other things, in fact. We'll just have to wait and see."

"Right..." Kate says.


[28] "Umm... Kelrim!" Kate says, a little awkwardly. "I don't know if this is the right time, but there's something very important that I need to ask you about. Do you know of the mage prisoners from the seredium towers?"

"Yes..." Kelrim says, looking very distraught. "Breynan told me about them. Those poor people... I can't imagine what they must be going through, even as we speak..."

"Have you thought about what you are going to do with them, once you become king of Ollendor?" Kate asks him.

"I'm going to free them all, of course!" Kelrim says. "As soon as possible! They have already suffered enough!"

"Have you spoken to the king of the underground about this?" Kate says. "His point of view is that if all the prisoners were to be released at once, it would cause too much chaos throughout the city, because all of the magically-powered devices will stop working, including the flying vehicles. His plan was to only free the relatives of the people from the underground, and to leave the other prisoners there until later."


[29] "Didn't the king of the underground say that they were planning to rescue all of the prisoners, in the end?" Daren says. "It's just that some will be rescued sooner than others."

"Yes, but what if they never find an alternative power source?" Kate says. "Will those imprisoned mages stay there forever?"

"All we can do is take his word for it that they will do their best to free everyone, eventually," Daren says. "We were the ones who put the rebels in charge of the city, so we're going to have to trust their judgment for now."

"You're right..." Kate says. "We were the ones who sided with them against the Overseer. I just hope that we didn't make the wrong decision..."


[30] She then waves her hands towards her, and Flower is gently lowered to the ground.

"Thanks!" Flower says. "Alright, here I go. Wish me luck!"

Before any of us have the time to ask what she's doing, Flower begins to squeeze her fists really hard, while her arms are trembling in front of her. As she is apparently gathering every ounce of focus that she has in order to concentrate on her current task, her eyes begin to gradually turn back to their normal green color, while the invisible burning flames in her aura also seem to be slowly getting extinguished.

A few seconds later, Flower returns completely back to normal, with a big smile on her face.

"Hah!" she says, happily. "I did it! I can't believe I managed to do it! I have it all under control, now! Look!"

She then squeezes her fists again, and her eyes begin to turn back to their glowy red color from earlier. Right in the middle of her transformation, her eyes turn blue all of a sudden and Flower smacks herself in the head very hard, which causes her eyes to turn back to normal immediately.

"One minute!" Illuna says. "All I ask is for one minute without you doing something stupid! Can you not at least rest a little before you transform again? What if you got stuck again, and couldn't turn back? What then?"


[31] "Can't you... lift us in the air and carry us with you?" Daren asks.

"Yes, but it would take a really long time," Melindra says. "Look, I've got a better idea. How about we split into two teams? The ones of us who can fly by ourselves will make a quick trip to the abandoned building, while the rest of you can go shopping. We'll meet back here in the shopping district in an hour or two. Does that sound good to you?"

"Everyone who can fly...?" Daren asks, as he spends a few seconds thinking about Melindra's proposal. "Yeah, that might not be such a bad idea. So, that would leave me, Hadrik and Leila for the shopping team, correct?"

"I think so," Melindra says. "Kate, you can fly over long distances with your ice platforms, as long as you're not carrying somebody else with you, right?"

"Yes, I can," Kate says.

"Alright, then!" Melindra says, as she makes a quick motion with one of her hands, and her air currents begin to slowly move around me, waiting for my command. "Let's get going. We should be able to get there in twenty minutes or less, if I'm not mistaken. Just follow me, and keep a lookout for anyone who might try to attack us from the ground. Are you all ready?"


[32] "Can't you... lift us in the air and carry us with you?" Daren asks.

"Yes, but it would take a really long time," Melindra says. "Look, I've got a better idea. How about we split into two teams? The ones of us who can fly by ourselves will make a quick trip to the abandoned building, while the rest of you can go shopping. There's a shopping district right there, around the corner. We'll meet you over there in an hour or two. Does that sound good to you?"

"Everyone who can fly...?" Daren asks, as he spends a few seconds thinking about Melindra's proposal. "Yeah, that might not be such a bad idea. So, that would leave me, Hadrik and Leila for the shopping team, correct?"

"I think so," Melindra says. "Kate, you can fly over long distances with your ice platforms, as long as you're not carrying somebody else with you, right?"

"Yes, I can," Kate says.

"Alright, then!" Melindra says, as she makes a quick motion with one of her hands, and her air currents begin to slowly move around me, waiting for my command. "Let's get going. We should be able to get there in twenty minutes or less, if I'm not mistaken. Just follow me, and keep a lookout for anyone who might try to attack us from the ground. Are you all ready?"


[33] Before I get the time to think about this any longer, Melindra tells us that we've arrived at our destination, and she signals us to land in front of a very old-looking building. Unlike all the other buildings with crazy designs made by Billy Bob, this particular house looks refreshingly simple, just like any other house that you'd expect to see inside a city.

"Oh, good!" Melindra says, once we're all on the ground. "The old house is still here. I was a little worried that they might have demolished it by now. Okay, let's go inside. I'll show you how to open the passage to the ruins below."

"Ruins?..." Flower asks, confused, as we are now entering the building. "I thought you said that the puzzle piece was supposed to be inside the house!"

"No," Melindra says. "What I told you was that you needed to go inside the abandoned building in order to get to the puzzle piece. I never said that it was hidden in the building itself. Anyway, it's just some lousy ruins. I already know which levers we need to pull, so it will be over in a few minutes. Don't worry about it."

"And what if you remember the levers wrong?" Kate asks her.

"I am not remembering them wrong," Melindra says, while she presses on a few stones from the ground in quick succession. "I've already done this a few times before, so I know exactly what I'm doing."

Just as she is done talking, the middle of the floor opens itself up, revealing a hidden staircase to us.


[34] "Just the other day, before your night shift with her, Leila kept asking me if there was really nothing going on between you and me, and she even made me confirm this to her multiple times," Kate tells me. "I think she wanted to make sure that she wouldn't hurt my feelings, if you two got together..."

"Huh..." I say. "That was really thoughtful of her."

"She really cares about you, you know..." Kate says to me. "Make sure that you don't let her down."

"I know," I say. "I won't."

"I'll be right back," Melindra says. "I need to go pull the next lever."

Melindra then goes to the farther end of the corridor and she pulls one of the levers from the left wall.


[35] "Huh..." Melindra says.

She then pauses to ponder on my words for a few seconds, before she continues.

"Listen," she tells me, "I've got nothing against you. It's just that... you know... it's kind of been my policy for a very long time to not get too attached to people, since I always end up outliving them and then they leave me behind. It really is nothing personal!"

"Sure, don't worry about it!" I say.

Once more, there is a short period of time in which nobody says anything.

"Actually, there was this one time, many years ago..." Melindra says, after thinking things over for a few more seconds. "I used to travel with a male friend for a few years, and we were... sort of in a relationship, but not really. We would share a tent, we would spend most of our time together, but there were no attachments. We had a rule that we wouldn't be getting together with anyone else during this time, but that was it! No other obligations."


[36] "It's not like that..." Kate says. "I spoke to her about this, and she admitted to me that the only reason why she said such a thing was because she didn't want Barry to feel guilty about leaving her behind in Thilias. She thought that if she told him about her feelings for him, he might have had second thoughts about the tournament and she didn't want him to give up on his lifelong dream of becoming a mage because of her."

"So you are certain that Rose has feelings for him, then?" Melindra says.

"Yes, I'm sure of it," Kate says.

"Alright," Melindra says. "That's all I wanted to know. Thanks for sharing that with me!"

"You're welcome," Kate says.

"I think it's time for me to pull the next lever," Melindra says. "I'll be right back."

Melindra then goes to the farther end of the corridor and she pulls one of the levers from the left wall.


[37] "But you don't like him?" Melindra asks.

"I didn't say that either!" Kate says.

"So, you do like him then?" Melindra says, with half a grin.

"Can you just stop teasing me and go pull the lever?" Kate says. "Your minute is almost up!"

"Alright, alright," Melindra says, with a smile, as she heads towards one of the levers. "No need to get upset. I won't say anything else... for now."

As Melindra is busy pulling on one of the levers at the farther end of the corridor, Kate is just standing there, looking in front of her, with her face completely red from embarrassment.

"What?" Kate says, staring daggers at me when she notices me looking at her.

"Oh, nothing," I say. "Nothing at all."


[38] "No hard feelings, right?" I say.

"None whatsoever," she says, and then she goes to pull on another lever.


[39] "It's fine, Melindra..." Kate says. "You don't need to worry about making me uncomfortable."

"Nonsense!" Melindra says. "Barry and I will have plenty of time to travel together and share tents. There's no reason for us to go out of our way and do that now, when the tournament isn't even over yet. Isn't that right, Barry?"

"Uh, sure..." I say. "Yeah..."

"Alright, I think it's time for me to pull the next lever," Melindra says. "I'll be right back."

Melindra then goes to the farther end of the corridor and she pulls one of the levers from the left wall.


[40] "Barry, did you have the same headache before?" Kate says. "Barry, can you hear me?"

As Kate and Melindra are talking, I am finding it harder and harder to concentrate on what they are saying. Not only that, but I feel like everything is getting darker, both on the earthen plane and on the ethereal plane. While the lights are fading before my eyes, a sudden sensation of weakness takes over me, and soon I don't even have the strength to open my mouth anymore. A few seconds later, the only thing I can see before me is pure darkness, and then I lose my consciousness for good.


[41] "Well, that wasn't the proper way to do it," Flower says. "Petal only did it as an extreme measure, because you couldn't wake up by yourself, and we were hoping that it would be enough, but I'm starting to think that it wasn't."

"So, what does that mean?..." I say, while my eyes are still closed. "What do I do now?"

"Umm... maybe you could... live the rest of your life with your eyes closed?" Flower says, in a meek voice.

"What?!" I shout.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" Flower says, in a panicky voice again. "It's just that this has never happened before. I have no idea what you should do! The only thing I know is that as long as you keep your eyes closed both here and on the ethereal plane, the abyss shouldn't be able to hurt you."

She pauses.

"You do have your eyes closed on the ethereal plane too, don't you?..." Flower asks.

"How am I supposed to know that?" I say. "I can't check if I'm still switching between the planes while I have my eyes closed!"


[42] "But you said that I shouldn't transform again until--" Flower says, but she is interrupted.

"Never mind what I said," Illuna tells her. "This is an emergency. If you know how to turn back to your evolved form, do it now."

"Okay..." Flower says. "Okay! I'm doing it right away!"

"So, I don't mean to alarm anyone," I hear Melindra's voice from somewhere close to me, "but if I don't keep pulling these levers, the traps are going to get activated and kill us all."

"Is there no way for you to delay the traps?" Kate asks.

"Yes, there is, but I'm already doing that," Melindra says. "The most I can wait between two levers is five minutes. This means that if you're not done helping Barry within the next twenty minutes, we're going to need to get out of here and forget about the puzzle piece altogether."

"Why?" Kate says. "Can't we come back later?"

"We can, but the puzzle piece dispenser will not be activatable again for at least a month," Melindra says. "In other words, Flower, if you're planning to do something, do it fast."


[43] "Finally," I say, as I open my eyes, like Flower instructed me. "Maybe now we can concentrate on what we came here to do instead of-- wait a minute, what's this?..."

"What's what?" Flower says. "What is wrong?"

"My perspective is shifting again but... this time it's different," I say. "Every time I blink, I can switch between the earthen and the ethereal plane. I can move my consciousness between the two planes at will. Is this something I should be worried about?"

"Well, is it still happening randomly, or do you have complete control over it?" Illuna says.

"No, it's not happening against my will," I say, as I blink a few more times to test how this works. "I can make the switch whenever I want. And... I think I can also make it so that I don't shift involuntarily between planes whenever I'm blinking. Yes... I think... I think I can turn it on and off just by concentrating on it. This is amazing! Why do you think it's happening?"

"Let me ask you this..." Illuna says. "How many times do you think you've been switching your consciousness between the two planes of existence in the past few minutes?"

"I don't know," I say. "It was happening more than a hundred times per second before I closed my eyes, so I guess I've been doing it thousands of times? Maybe tens of thousands?"


[44] "Fine," Illuna says, as she reaches for her amulet so she can open it. "Prepare to cover your ears."

"You are being duped, you imbeciles!!!" Arraka shouts, as her voice echoes all throughout the ruins. "The illusionist royal guard has been hiding here invisibly this whole time! He's the one who extinguished the torches, and he made an illusion that messes with your sense of direction while the lights were out! Look at the walls! You are seeing them in reverse!"

"This doesn't make any sense," Illuna says. "How would the illusionist even know we're here?"

"No, I think she's right," Melindra says. "The two walls and the lever placements are almost completely symmetrical, so it's very hard to see the difference, but now that I'm taking a better look, I think I can--"

"Shut up and get away from the walls!" Arraka shouts. "The illusionist is about to pull a lever!"

"Ah, crap," Melindra says. "Everyone come here! Over here where I'm standing! It's the only safe place. Quick!"

As we are all rushing to Melindra's position, multiple arrows begin flying from the walls, while several spinning blades are coming out of the floor, moving back and forth through the corridor. Once we all reach Melindra, Kate makes four walls of ice around us, so that they can defend us from any stray arrows that could wind up hitting us.

"Where is the illusionist?" Kate asks. "Is he still in the ruins with us?"


[45] Almost immediately after she pulls the lever, multiple arrows get shot out of the walls, forcing Flower to use her acrobatic moves in order to dodge them. Meanwhile, Kate has conjured two floating shields of ice that are defending us against the incoming projectiles, but now there are also some spinning metal blades that are coming out of the floor and heading in our direction at a fast speed.

"Everyone come here!" Melindra shouts, from the other side of the corridor. "Over here where I'm standing! It's the only safe place. Quick!"

We all make our way towards Melindra as fast as we can, while Kate tries her best to protect us from the arrows with her ice, and then once we reach the safe spot, Kate makes four walls of ice around us, so that they can defend us from any stray arrows that could wind up hitting us.

"What happened?" Flower asks. "I don't understand!"

"I'll tell you what happened!" Melindra says. "The walls were reversed! I only noticed it after I pulled the damn lever. Somebody must have cast an illusion on us or something, while the lights were off. Barry, didn't you say that one of the royal guards who were still alive was an illusionist?"

"Yeah, and he also liked to hide around invisibly a lot," I say. "He was almost completely undetectable."

"Well, if I get my hands on him," Melindra says, "I'm going to wring his neck as if he were a--"


[46] "I will be pulling the lever on 'three', okay?" Melindra shouts, from the other side of the corridor. "One, two, th--"

"Wait!" I shout loudly. "Don't pull the lever!"

"Why not?" she asks me.

"Are you not noticing anything out of the ordinary with the walls?" I say.

"Not really, no," Melindra says.

"Look, that stone with the scratch on it was on the opposite side," I say. "And the lever that's a little shorter than the others was on the left wall, not the right one. There's also a little crack there, between those two stones which I am quite certain was supposed to be on the other wall as well. Do I really need to go on?"

"Hey, I think you might be on to something, here," Melindra says. "I didn't really notice the difference before, because the two walls and the lever placements are almost completely symmetrical, but now that you mention it, there really are quite a few discrepancies... Barry, didn't you say earlier that there was an illusionist royal guard who was still alive?"

"Yeah, it's the one who was always invisible and completely undetectable," I say.

"Did you just say invisible?!" Melindra says, while a lever somewhere further down the corridor appears to be pulling itself down.

"Ah, crap," Melindra says. "Everyone come here! Over here where I'm standing! It's the only safe place. Quick!"


[47] "I will be pulling the lever on 'three', okay?" Melindra shouts, from the other side of the corridor. "One, two, three!"

Almost immediately after she pulls the lever, several arrows fly from the walls straight for me and Flower. I dodge the arrows at the very last second, and then I am forced to step away from the wall, because there are several spinning blades coming out of the floor, moving back and forth through the corridor.

As I keep dodging arrows and blades left and right, Flower is also using her fancy acrobatic moves to move away unscathed, while Kate is making walls of ice to defend herself from the incoming projectiles.

"Everyone come here!" Melindra shouts, from the other side of the corridor. "Over here where I'm standing! It's the only safe place. Quick!"

We all make our way towards Melindra as fast as we can, while Kate tries her best to protect us from the arrows with her ice, and then once we reach the safe spot, Kate makes four walls of ice around us, so that they can defend us from any stray arrows that could wind up hitting us.

"What happened?" Flower asks. "I don't understand!"

"I'll tell you what happened!" Melindra says. "The walls were reversed! I only noticed it after I pulled the damn lever. Somebody must have cast an illusion on us or something, while the lights were off. Barry, didn't you say that one of the royal guards who were still alive was an illusionist?"


[48] "I will be pulling the lever on 'three', okay?" Melindra shouts, from the other side of the corridor. "One, two, three!"

Almost immediately after she pulls the lever, several arrows fly from the walls straight for me and Flower. I do not have the time to dodge, and one of the arrows goes straight through one of my eyes, killing me instantly.


[49] "That's it!" Melindra says. "Now run up the stairs, while the traps are still charging up. Go, go, go!"

"You first," Illuna says.

"Fine, but hurry!" Melindra says. "We don't have much time."

We all follow Melindra up the stairs, climbing as quickly as humanly possible, and once we reach the top, we close the hidden trapdoor behind us. Then, just as we rush out of the house, we hear an explosion below the abandoned building, as the traps seem to be reactivating themselves again.

"Hah!" Melindra says. "We made it! And we got the puzzle piece too! I told you we could do it!"

"That was much too close..." Illuna says. "One small mistake, and we could have all died."

"Hey, that wasn't my fault!" Melindra says. "I had no way of knowing that the illusionist would be there. How did he even find us, anyway?"

"That is an interesting question," Illuna says, as she now opens the amulet around her neck. "Would you care to answer it, Arraka?"


[50] "That's it!" Melindra says. "Now run up the stairs, while the traps are still charging up. Go, go, go!"

"You first," Illuna says.

"Fine, but hurry!" Melindra says. "We don't have much time."

We all follow Melindra up the stairs, climbing as quickly as humanly possible, and once we reach the top, we close the hidden trapdoor behind us. Then, just as we rush out of the house, we hear an explosion below the abandoned building, as the traps seem to be reactivating themselves again.

"Hah!" Melindra says. "We made it! And we got the puzzle piece too! I told you we could do it!"

"That was much too close..." Illuna says. "One small mistake, and we could have all died."

"Hey, that wasn't my fault!" Melindra says. "I had no way of knowing that the illusionist would be there. How did he even find us, anyway?"

"That is an interesting question," Illuna says. "Would you care to answer it, Arraka?"


[51] "Oh, it's easy!" Flower says. "Remind me to teach you about it later. Anyway, it doesn't look like there are any shades in here, Barry. You should be safe. So... I guess I'll be going back to my own mind now. See you, Barry!"

"Yeah, see you," I say, and then Flower teleports away.

I then blink, in order to switch my consciousness back to the earthen plane, and I turn off my ability to move between planes temporarily, so that I no longer do it every time I blink. I think I'm going to have to experiment with this power some more, to see if I can make it a little more convenient.

"Ugh... I'm feeling a little... tired," Flower says, after she turns back to her normal form, without the shiny eyes.

"I tried to warn you," Illuna says. "Teleporting into other people's minds can be very draining. You should consider yourself lucky that a small headache is all you got out of this."

"Oh..." I say. "Sorry about that. I didn't know."

"I... think I'm going to lie down and get some rest," Flower says. "Petal, is it fine if I let you control the body for a while?"


[52] Just when we were about to head back to our sleeping quarters, we saw Alice, the little girl who asked us to save her family when we first came to the underground caverns, and she was hugging a woman, who appeared to be her mother. Meanwhile, Albert was telling her that her brother and father had been rescued as well, but that they needed some time to recover after what they had been through, and that they were currently resting in the medical wing of the rebels' base.

"Hey, look!" Hadrik tells us, as we're watching Alice and Albert from a distance. "It's the little girl that we met on the first day! I guess they must have found her family!"

"Yeah, I hope her father's okay," I say. "He didn't look all that well when we saw him in the seredium tower."

"Don't worry," Daren says. "The white mages from this place are very good at what they do. I'm sure they'll get him back on his feet in no time."

When we reach our sleeping room, we all sit down in a circle and begin to talk about what we are going to do until tomorrow morning.


[53] Just when we were about to head back to our sleeping quarters, we saw Alice, the little girl who asked us to save her family when we first came to the underground caverns, and she was hugging a woman, who appeared to be her mother. When the girl asked about her brother and father, Albert took a while to give her a straight answer, but eventually he had to admit that even though her brother was rescued, her father was already dead when they found him in the seredium tower.

All of a sudden, I remember her father's face when he died before my eyes after I cut his chains, and I get a sudden urge to throw up.

"Let's go to our quarters, Barry," Daren says, as he puts a hand on my back, after seeing my reaction. "I don't think this is something that you need to hear right now."

As we are heading to our rooms, I can hear the little girl's cries echoing throughout the caverns, and they do not stop until we are too far from her to be able to hear her voice anymore.

When we reach our sleeping room, we all sit down in a circle and begin to talk about what we are going to do until tomorrow morning.


[54] Finding an inn that was still doing business despite the recent lockdown proved to be a little harder than anticipated, but after an hour or two of searching, we did manage to come across one that was open. As soon as Hadrik was done negotiating our price, we booked one large room for all of us, with separate beds, and then we went inside our room to discuss what we would do for the rest of the day.


[55] When the evening was finally at an end, we all went to sleep in our room, except for Kate and Leila, who took the first night shift somewhere outside our sleeping quarters. Then, a few hours later, Kate was the one who woke me up, telling me that Leila was waiting for me further down the corridor.

After changing out of my pajamas and grabbing my backpack, I walk out of our room and I find Leila sitting on the floor with her back against one of the cavern walls, just far enough from our quarters to not wake the others up by talking, while still being able to observe the entrance.

Once I reach Leila, I seat myself next to her and we begin to talk, but from the very first moments, I notice that something is wrong. Our conversation does not flow as naturally as it usually does. I think it's because we both know that this will be the last conversation we will have in a very long while, and we're both feeling a lot of pressure because of it.


[56] When the evening was finally at an end, we all went to sleep in our room, except for Kate and Leila, who took the first night shift somewhere outside the inn. Then, a few hours later, Kate was the one who woke me up, telling me that Leila was waiting for me downstairs.

After changing out of my pajamas and grabbing my backpack, I walk out of our room and I find Leila sitting on the ground, with her back to the wall of a closed shop that is located right across the street from our inn.

Once I reach Leila, I seat myself next to her and we begin to talk, but from the very first moments, I notice that something is wrong. Our conversation does not flow as naturally as it usually does. I think it's because we both know that this will be the last conversation we will have in a very long while, and we're both feeling a lot of pressure because of it.


[57] "Here's a crazy idea..." I say. "What if the reason why we're having so much trouble harnessing energy with our devices in the cities is because there are hundreds of other devices gathered in these places, and the energy is getting divided equally between them?"

"I don't think so," Leila writes. "If there were so many people with devices walking around these cities, I would have detected at least one of them. My stat booster alerts me when there are other stat devices around me, remember?"

"Yeah, but what if it's not multiple people who are walking around with these devices?" I say. "What if someone deliberately gathered a large number of devices and put them in these cities to harness energy from the participants? There would be fewer chances for you to detect them if these stat boosters were all lying in a building somewhere, right?"

"I suppose..." Leila writes.

"There's also something else that's bothering me," I say. "When we first met Melindra, she told me that she couldn't find any stat boosters for sale on the other continents, no matter how hard she looked, even though these devices used to be extremely easy to find in shops before. What if the real reason why so many of these merchants didn't have the fortune teller trinket in stock anymore was because somebody needed to buy all of the devices before the tournament, so that they could--"

"Barry..." Leila interrupts me, as I now notice that she is looking directly into my eyes. "What are we doing?..."


[58] "I'll probably stay with the rebels for a while," Leila writes, "but the king of the underground did mention that they're planning to relocate to the surface soon, so my father and I will most likely just rent a house somewhere inside the city later and make it our new home."

"So, you'll finally be living with your father in the same house again, huh?" I ask her.

"Yep," Leila writes. "That's the plan!"


[59] "I can't go back to the underground base now," Leila writes. "It would be too risky. I've already spoken to my father yesterday about our alliance with the Overseer, and he agreed that it would be best if we both moved somewhere on the surface, after the end of the conflict. We have a meeting spot where we will be seeing each other later in the evening."

"Are you sure they'll let him leave the caverns?" I say.

"They'll let him," Leila writes. "I have no doubts about that. Even if they suspect him to be a traitor, they simply owe him too much to not at least allow him to leave their base safely. But I don't think they should have any reasons to suspect him. As far as they know, we've all been captured by the Overseer together with the rebel fighters, so it would be perfectly normal that my father would want to go to the surface to look for me."

"Yes, I suppose that's true," I say.


[60] She then leans over to me and gives me a kiss on the lips, which lasts for several seconds.

"I'll miss you, Barry..." Leila writes, after the kiss is over.

"I know," I say. "I'll miss you too."

"Come on, it's almost morning," Leila writes. "We should go wake the others."

With these last words, we both get up from the ground, we head back to our room, and we do not say anything else to each other until we wake all of our friends up.


[61] "I'll miss you, Barry..." Leila writes.

"I know," I say. "I'll miss you too."

With these last words, we head back to our room, and we do not say anything else to each other until we wake all of our friends up.


[62] "Right," I say, as I get up as well. "Let's go."

After taking a few steps forward, Leila turns her head back to me one more time, as some new floating letters are forming themselves in front of me.

"I'll miss you, Barry..." Leila writes.

"I know," I say. "I'll miss you too."

With these last words, we head back to our room, and we do not say anything else to each other until we wake all of our friends up.


[63] "What is WRONG with you people?!" Arraka shouts all of a sudden from her amulet. "You're all going to be seeing each other again in one week, but you're whining and crying like children! Is there really no limit to your stupidity?!"

"How do you know it's going to be only one week?" Daren asks her. "At the moment, we have no idea when the tournament will end. It could be well over a month before--"

"I'm not talking about the end of the tournament, you cretin!" Arraka says. "I'm talking about Selkram's ritual! Did you already forget that he had to interrupt the second trial and that he said we will continue it next time?! We're all going to be taking that trial again together, whether you like it or not!"

"Yeah, but Leila will no longer be travelling with us at that time," Hadrik says. "How is he going to get her into the trial if she won't even be there with us anymore?"


[64] 
[65] 