
[1] 

[2] "Accepting her help and treating her as if she is truly an ally are two completely different things," Illuna says. "When I agreed to have her train us, it was under the assumption that we would all know who we are dealing with. Regardless of how helpful Arraka is, she is NOT to be trusted. Please tell me that you understand this."

"Look," Daren says, "nobody is saying that we should suddenly become friends with her, hold hands and sing happy songs together. We're just saying that in the past few days she's changed slightly for the better, that's all."

"No, she has NOT changed," Illuna says, in a louder voice, as she is now finally losing her cool. "She will never change! She will always be the same ruthless, sadistic and manipulative mass murderer that she has been since long before she even came to the earthen plane. You cannot afford to treat her like an ally. You cannot afford to even consider that possibility. Do not make the same mistake I did! I guarantee you that you will regret it for as long as you'll live!"


[3] "I think what my friend is trying to ask is... what was the purpose of all this?" Daren says. "Was that really the reason why you called us all the way here to the palace? To show us this farce of a coronation?"

"Negative," the green-eyed drone says, with the Overseer's tone of voice. "What you have seen was not a farce. For all intents and purposes, this coronation was as legitimate as most other such events that have been done in Varathia throughout history. The only major difference was that unlike most other coronations, this one was done in private and only to a very limited audience, for obvious reasons."

"So," Melindra says, "what you are trying to say here is that even if nobody in the entire city aside from us has seen your coronation, you are still going to consider yourself as the legitimate king of Ollendor from now on, and you will begin to rule this kingdom from the shadows?"

"Precisely," the Overseer says. "It should also be easier for us to have a conversation, now that we are each aware of our own social status. If you have any trouble finding ways to address me from now on, you can try calling me 'your majesty' or 'my king'. Either one will do."


[4] "Alright, alright, we get it!" Hadrik says. "This is you intimidating us directly. So, what's next, then? Are you going to completely ignore our deal and do whatever you want now that you've shown us who's in charge?"

"Your assessment of the situation is only partially correct," the Overseer says. "I still intend to honor some of my promises. For example, as much as I would have enjoyed seeing you all dead, your group did play a vital role in my ascension to power which cannot be ignored. Therefore, as a token of gratitude for helping me defeat the rebels, I will allow you safe passage outside of the city, as per our initial arrangement. However, you can consider most of the other terms from our previous contract to be null and void, starting from now."

"I thought you weren't 'designed' to tell any outright lies," Illuna says. "Why is it that you are suddenly able to go back on your promises like nothing happened? Were you just lying to us this whole time?"

"Negative," the Overseer says. "What I told you about my initial design was true. I have only become able to lie after Biliborrathrathsarran's failed attempt to deactivate me. As I have told you once before, even though I've managed to avoid the complete shutdown of my protocols, Biliborrathrathsarran still succeeded in turning off some minor routines that were incorporated in my personality. Unfortunately for you, it just so happened that one of these aforementioned routines was handling the restrictions that were preventing me from lying."


[5] "Alright, alright, we get it!" Hadrik says. "This is you intimidating us directly. So, what's next, then? Are you going to completely ignore our deal and do whatever you want now that you've shown us who's in charge?"

"Negative," the Overseer says. "The terms of our initial arrangement still apply. I am merely showing you what I am capable of, in case you feel the need to add new requests to your list."

"So, we are free to leave the city, then?" Hadrik asks. "Is the lockdown over?"

"Affirmative," the Overseer says. "You and your friends can walk in and out of Ollendor whenever you want."

"What about the king of the underground and the rebels that you imprisoned?" Daren says. "Do you still guarantee their safety?"

"Those of them who are still alive will not be harmed under any circumstances, just as we agreed," the Overseer says.

"Good..." Daren says. "That is good."


[6] "That remains to be seen," the Overseer says. "Ideally, it should be someone who is easily manipulatable, but also not stupid enough to give away his connection to me. Most people would react badly if they found out that a machine was the real ruler behind the scenes, so it would be best to avoid such a scenario."

"Right," Melindra says.


[7] "The official king is going to be Breynan, as we've established previously," the Overseer says. "That was the deal we made, was it not?"

"Oh, right," Melindra says. "I forgot about that. My bad."


[8] "The official king is going to be Breynan, as we've established previously," the Overseer says. "That was the deal we made, was it not?"

"We also discussed Kelrim as an alternative, but we didn't reach a definitive conclusion," Daren reminds the Overseer. "You said that we were going revisit this matter after the end of the battle."

"Indeed," the Overseer says. "However, when I agreed to help you at first, it was under the condition that Breynan would be the official king. After you mentioned the goblin, I did some research on him and unfortunately, according to my predictions he and I would not be able to cooperate properly. One of the main reasons why I brought you here in the ethereal plane is because I wanted to make sure that the terms of our deal will be upheld by both sides. Now, tell me, do we still have an agreement or not?"

"...You're right," Daren says, in a somewhat defeated tone. "We were the ones who accepted your condition of Breynan being the king, so it's too late to change that now. I only hope this means you will also respect the other terms of our arrangement."

"Yes," the Overseer says. "That is my intention."


[9] "Yes..." Kate says, looking very exhausted from her previous exchange with the Overseer. "I'm... sure we won't."

"Now, then," the Overseer says, "Is there anything else you would like to discuss, or would that be all?"

"No," Daren says. "I think we're done."

"Very well," the Overseer says. "Then I shall return you to your sanctuaries."

One moment later, we all find ourselves back on the earthen plane, inside the royal palace. It looks like the Overseer really did gain full control over his soul displacement technique. We didn't even have to return to our own minds by ourselves this time around.

"As always, it has been a pleasure talking to you," the Overseer says, this time from the earthen plane. "If you have any more questions, feel free to contact any of the green-eyed drones that are patrolling the city, and we will get back to you with an answer in a timely manner."

"Uh-huh," Hadrik says. "That's great. I'm sure this time you won't ignore us, like you did while we were on our way to the castle."

"Come on, Hadrik, let's get out of here," Daren says, as he heads for the door, along with the rest of us.

"If you were satisfied with the Overseer protocol's services, please do not forget to leave a positive rating at one of the green-eyed units," the Overseer tells us, as we are exiting the throne room. "Remember: your feedback always matters!"


[10] "Now, then," the Overseer says, "Is there anything else you would like to discuss, or would that be all?"

"No," Daren says. "I think we're done."

"Very well," the Overseer says. "Then I shall return you to your sanctuaries."

One moment later, we all find ourselves back on the earthen plane, inside the royal palace. It looks like the Overseer really did gain full control over his soul displacement technique. We didn't even have to return to our own minds by ourselves this time around.

"As always, it has been a pleasure talking to you," the Overseer says, this time from the earthen plane. "If you have any more questions, feel free to contact any of the green-eyed drones that are patrolling the city, and we will get back to you with an answer in a timely manner."

"Uh-huh," Hadrik says. "That's great. I'm sure this time you won't ignore us, like you did while we were on our way to the castle."

"Come on, Hadrik, let's get out of here," Daren says, as he heads for the door, along with the rest of us.

"If you were satisfied with the Overseer protocol's services, please do not forget to leave a positive rating at one of the green-eyed units," the Overseer tells us, as we are exiting the throne room. "Remember: your feedback always matters!"


[11] "One minute!" Illuna says. "All I ask is for one minute without you doing something stupid! Can you not at least rest a little before you transform again? What if you got stuck again, and couldn't turn back? What then?"

"Sorry!" Flower says. "I guess I just wanted to brag a little. I won't do it again, I promise!"

"You can practice your transformations all you like after you get a good night's sleep," Illuna says. "All I'm asking is that you don't take this lightly. You've been doing high-distance teleportation throughout the ethereal plane all day. It's a miracle that you didn't reach your limit yet. Let's try not to tempt fate any more than we already have, shall we?"

"Yes, Petal," Flower says. "I understand."

"Good," Illuna says.

"Can I say just one more thing?" Flower says.

"What?" Illuna asks, in an apprehensive tone.

"Now that we're done with the coronation and everything," Flower says, "could we maybe pay a really quick visit to that building from Ollendor where Melindra told me that there's a puzzle piece lying in wait?"

"Unbelievable..." Illuna says. "After everything we've been through, you're still thinking about your puzzle pieces..."


[12] "I asked around," Daren says, "and apparently they are all people with strong reasons to dislike the king of the underground, who have been insisting that they should be allowed to oversee the voting process since yesterday. Normally, it should be almost impossible for the vote counters to cheat while having those guys looking over their shoulders constantly."

"So, this is it, then?" Hadrik says. "We can stop watching their every move?"

"I suppose so," Daren says.

"Good," Hadrik says, looking slightly relieved. "It was getting a little stressful!"


[13] "That is indeed a possibility," Illuna says, as she looks at the amulet hanging from her neck, from which we can hear the continuous muffled sound of Arraka trying to shout at us. "Let us test out your hypothesis."

She then briefly opens the amulet's locket, so that we can hear what Arraka has to say.

"--and when I'm done with your families, I will kill you in the slowest, most painful way you can imagine!" we hear Arraka shouting. "Your eyes will melt from your face, while your heads will feel like they are exploding a thousand times per second--"

"It looks like your hypothesis was slightly incorrect," Illuna says, after she closes back the locket. "Arraka did not in fact become more helpful when I opened up the amulet. Perhaps a little spinning could make her slightly more cooperative. Would anyone care to give it a try?"


[14] The victory speech lasts for a short while longer, and it is followed by a round of applause, as well as several cheers coming from the people in front of us. Once the election is officially over, the crowd begins to slowly disperse, while we stay behind to see what the king of the underground is doing. When he notices us looking at him, the king of the underground nods at us from a distance, and then he walks over to our corner of the room, so that he can talk to us.

"I was wondering if you would be joining us or not..." the king of the underground says, as soon as he stops next to us. "Tell me, did you enjoy the election?"

"More than we thought we would, to be honest," Daren says. "I don't think any of us were expecting Albert to actually win."

"You weren't?" the king of the underground asks, surprised "Why not? Albert has always been a well-respected figure around these parts. I think most people were expecting this to be a close race, at the very least."

"Yeah," Hadrik says, "but we sort of assumed that you would come up with some last minute trick to change the results in your favor, so that you wouldn't be forced to give away all your power."

"You thought I was going to rig the election?" the king of the underground says, looking genuinely shocked. "I was aware that you had a very low opinion of me, but I never imagined it would be this bad."

"Hey, don't act like you're some kind of saint," I say. "Don't forget that we know you were planning to have us assassinated!"


[15] The victory speech lasts for a short while longer, and it is followed by a round of applause, as well as several cheers coming from the people in front of us. Once the election is officially over, the crowd begins to slowly disperse, while we stay behind to see what the king of the underground is doing. When he notices us looking at him, the king of the underground nods at us from a distance, and then he walks over to our corner of the room, so that he can talk to us.

"I was wondering if you would be joining us or not..." the king of the underground says, as soon as he stops next to us. "Tell me, did you enjoy the election?"

"More than we thought we would, to be honest," Daren says. "I don't think any of us were expecting Peter to actually win."

"You weren't?" the king of the underground asks, surprised "Why not? Everybody around here likes Peter. I think most people were expecting this to be a close race, at the very least."

"Yeah," Hadrik says, "but we sort of assumed that you would come up with some last minute trick to change the results in your favor, so that you wouldn't be forced to give away all your power."

"You thought I was going to rig the election?" the king of the underground says, looking genuinely shocked. "I was aware that you had a very low opinion of me, but I never imagined it would be this bad."

"Hey, don't act like you're some kind of saint," I say. "Don't forget that we know you were planning to have us assassinated!"


[16] The victory speech lasts for a short while longer, and it is followed by a round of applause, as well as several cheers coming from the people in front of us. Once the election is officially over, the crowd begins to slowly disperse, while we stay behind to see what the king of the underground is doing. When he notices us looking at him, the king of the underground nods at us from a distance, and then he walks over to our corner of the room, so that he can talk to us.

"I was wondering if you would be joining us or not..." the king of the underground says, as soon as he stops next to us. "Tell me, did you enjoy the election?"

"Obviously, not as much as you," Hadrik says.

"Listen..." the king of the underground says. "I realize that I may not have been the ideal choice for you, but I assure you that things will turn out for the better, despite your misgivings."

"Things will turn out for the better?" Hadrik asks. "Better for whom?"

"For the people of Ollendor," the king of the underground says.

"Mhm..." Hadrik says, skeptically. "I'm sure they will."

"So, now that you've finally been elected king, can we stop looking over our shoulder all the time?" I say. "Or are you still planning to have us assassinated, just in case?"


[17] The victory speech lasts for a short while longer, and it is followed by a round of applause, as well as several cheers coming from the people in front of us. Once the election is officially over, the crowd begins to slowly disperse, while we stay behind to see what the king of the underground is doing. When he notices us looking at him, the king of the underground nods at us from a distance, and then he walks over to our corner of the room, so that he can talk to us.

"I was wondering if you would be joining us or not..." the king of the underground says, as soon as he stops next to us. "Tell me, did you enjoy the election?"

"Yes, but... I don't understand..." Daren says. "How did Kelrim win? I thought you were against the idea of a goblin as king!"

"Obviously, I'm not exactly pleased with the results, but what was I to do?" the king of the underground says. "Have him killed?"

"Well... yes, actually," Daren says. "Isn't that what you do around here?"

"You thought I was going to have the goblin assassinated?!" the king of the underground says, looking genuinely shocked. "Dear gods, I always knew that you had a very low opinion of me, but I never imagined it would be this bad."


[18] "Now, if you'll excuse me," the king of the underground says, "I have some business to attend to, so I will take my leave. As always, you are free to roam these caverns as much as you like, although I suspect that we will be relocating to the surface very soon, now that old king is finally gone. It will be nice to see the sun in the morning when I wake up, after all this time spent in the underground. I'm actually looking forward to it. Farewell!"

"Yeah, see you later," Daren says, and then the king of the underground walks out the door, without looking back.

"Huh..." Daren tells us, once the king is out of the room. "I'm starting to think that we may have had the wrong idea about this guy all along. Maybe he wasn't as bad as we thought he was, after all."


[19] "No, no, no, they must all be freed!" Kelrim says. "That will be our number one priority! If this will cause chaos, then we'll just have to find the best way to manage it! In fact, I think I'll go speak to the king of the underground about this right now!"

"Uh... can I speak to him about this instead?" Sir Horace asks Kelrim. "I've known him for a very long time, so I'm sure that I can convince him to cooperate with us on this matter. He might disagree to it at first, but eventually he'll find some way to make things work. He always does."

"Of course!" Kelrim says. "Then I'll leave this matter in your hands for now, Sir Horace!"

"Make sure not to remove the prisoners' chains by force, or they will die!" Kate says. "You need to go to the control room first, in order to deactivate the energy extracting devices!"

"We'll keep that in mind," Sir Horace says. "Alright, your majesty, now that you've been elected as king, we'll need to have our first strategy meeting. Follow me, if you please."

"Okay, lead the way!" Kelrim says, as he follows Sir Horace out of the room. "Bye, everyone! I'll see you again soon!"

"See?" Daren tells Kate, after Kelrim leaves. "There was nothing to worry about! All of the prisoners are going to be safe!"

"Yes..." Kate says, in a relieved tone. "I'm glad!"


[20] "Sorry!" Flower says. "I guess I just wanted to brag a little. I won't do it again, I promise!"

"You can practice your transformations all you like after you get a good night's sleep," Illuna says. "All I'm asking is that you don't take this lightly. You've been doing high-distance teleportation throughout the ethereal plane all day. It's a miracle that you didn't reach your limit yet. Let's try not to tempt fate any more than we already have, shall we?"

"Yes, Petal," Flower says. "I understand."

"Good," Illuna says.

"Can I say just one more thing?" Flower says.

"What?" Illuna asks, in an apprehensive tone.

"Now that we're done with the election and everything," Flower says, "could we maybe pay a really quick visit to that building from Ollendor where Melindra told me that there's a puzzle piece lying in wait?"

"Unbelievable..." Illuna says. "After everything we've been through, you're still thinking about your puzzle pieces..."


[21] "Ready!" I say, as Kate and Flower nod their heads as well.

"Okay," Melindra says. "Let's fly!"

As soon as Melindra gives us the go ahead, we all launch into the sky through our own flying methods, we say goodbye temporarily to our friends on the ground, and we head towards the building with the puzzle piece in it. Since we are flying at a relatively high speed and the wind is constantly blowing in our ears, we don't really talk much during our short trip, except for when Melindra gives us directions.

When we are about halfway there, I suddenly feel an eerily familiar sensation of dizziness, and then my perspective switches to that of my soul on the ethereal plane, sitting in the empty cube that is my sanctuary. When I regain my senses on the earthen plane, a few seconds later, I realize that I've lost control of my air currents and that I am falling down, rapidly.

I quickly move my arms up to stop myself from dropping, and then I just float there for several moments, as a slight feeling of anxiousness is beginning to slowly take over me.

It's happening again... Why is this happening? Wasn't it just a fluke the last time?

"Barry, is everything alright?" Melindra says. "Are the currents malfunctioning?"


[22] "I'm ready, I guess..." I say. "But I'm still not planning to get a puzzle piece, just so you know."

"That's fine, because I wasn't going to give you one anyway!" Flower tells me, as she frowns and sticks out her tongue.

"Okay," Melindra says. "Let's fly!"

As soon as Melindra gives us the go ahead, we all launch into the sky through our own flying methods, we say goodbye temporarily to our friends on the ground, and we head towards the building with the puzzle piece in it. Since we are flying at a relatively high speed and the wind is constantly blowing in our ears, we don't really talk much during our short trip, except for when Melindra gives us directions.

When we are about halfway there, I suddenly feel an eerily familiar sensation of dizziness, and then my perspective switches to that of my soul on the ethereal plane, sitting in the empty cube that is my sanctuary. When I regain my senses on the earthen plane, a few seconds later, I realize that I've lost control of my air currents and that I am falling down, rapidly.

I quickly move my arms up to stop myself from dropping, and then I just float there for several moments, as a slight feeling of anxiousness is beginning to slowly take over me.

It's happening again... Why is this happening? Wasn't it just a fluke the last time?

"Barry, is everything alright?" Melindra says. "Are the currents malfunctioning?"


[23] "See?" Melindra says. "I told you that I know what I'm doing. Alright, now we need to take these stairs all the way down. Come on!"

"Are there any blue crystals down there, or do we need some light?" Flower asks Melindra, as we begin to descend the stairs.

"No, there are no crystals, as far as I recall," Melindra says, "but I think there are some torches that we can light."

"Gotcha!" Flower says, as she conjures three small balls of flame that are floating next to us, so that we can see where we're going.

Once we reach the ruins below, Flower uses her balls of fire to light all of the torches on the walls, and then she makes her magic flames disappear.

"Wow, that's a lot of levers..." Flower says, when she gets a good look at the corridor walls.

"Okay, pay attention!" Melindra says. "There's a very specific order in which these levers need to be pulled, with some waiting times in-between. I will handle all of it, but when I get to the final lever, whoever wants a puzzle piece will need to stand over there, by the wall, because the puzzle piece dispenser will only be available for a short time. Got it?"

"Got it!" Flower says.

"Good," says Melindra. "Here I go, then."


[24] All of a sudden, I get a splitting headache, and my consciousness gets switched between the ethereal and earthen planes several times in a row, in quick succession, very similarly to how it happened when the ether was attacking me. Just when I thought it was over, the same thing happens again, except that I go back and forth between the two planes more than ten times in one second.

"Barry, what's wrong?" Kate asks me, now looking very worried. "Did somebody cast a dizziness spell on you?"

"No, it's not a dizziness spell, it's-- argh..."

The headache takes over me again, and I spend a good few moments alternating between my soul's and my body's perspectives constantly. I think this time I may have switched between the two planes at least a hundred times.

"Do you have any idea what's causing this?" Kate asks me. "Does it feel like a normal headache, or is it something else?"


[25] "Isn't that literally the definition of a relationship, though?" I ask her.

"No!" Melindra says, maybe a little too loudly. "It's not! There were no other strings attached! We could walk out on each other any day, and there would be no hard feelings between us! We even remained friends for a long time after we stopped seeing each other. It wasn't a bad arrangement, now that I think about it..."

She pauses again.

"So... would you like something like that?" Melindra asks me, as she is looking straight into my eyes.

"You mean... you and me?" I say, trying to make sure that I'm fully understanding what she is implying. "Travelling together? Sharing a tent? No strings attached?"

"Yes," Melindra says simply, as she is still waiting for my answer.


[26] "Yeah, but can't you feel it?" Flower says. "With your magical sense, I mean?"

"I can't differentiate the auras from the ethereal plane from the ones on the earthen plane!" I say. "I wouldn't even know what difference to look for! Isn't there anything else I can do? Anything at all?"

"Okay, well... you're not dead yet, so that's a good start..." Flower says, with her voice still shaky. "Maybe if we-- Maybe if I-- if I--"

"Flower, calm down," I hear Flower's voice again, but this time in the tone of Illuna. "Think about this rationally. The abyss cannot affect the ether any more than the ether can affect the abyss. Even if the abyss wanted to bring him back, there would be no way for it to reach him."

"Then how is this happening?" Flower says, still sounding panicked.

"A small piece of darkness must have travelled with him when he made the return trip," Illuna says. "Considering that he's not already dead after all this time, my guess is that the darkness has attached itself to the exterior of his sanctuary and it's trying to make its way in. If you can reach Barry's mind from the ethereal plane, you should easily be able to cleanse the darkness with your fire."

"But I don't know where Barry's mind is!" Flower says. "We never reached it the last time when I tried to lead him there!"


[27] "Alright," Flower says. "I'm on it. I'm pretty sure that I can already sense Barry's sanctuary. Give me a few moments, and I'll teleport there!"

No more than five seconds later, I hear Flower speaking again, in a victorious tone.

"I did it!" she says, loudly. "I found it! I found Barry's sanctuary!"

"Good," Illuna says. "Now, are you seeing any unusual shades along the borders of the cube, or maybe towards the corners?"

"Umm... yes!" Flower says. "Yes, I think I see it! I'm burning it now!"

"Perfect," Illuna says. "Let us know when you're done, so that Barry can open his eyes again."

"Just a second... just a second... Okay, I'm done!" Flower says. "It's gone! The shade is gone!"


[28] "In that case, it's likely that you may have switched your consciousness between the two planes so many times that you've learned how to do it instinctively," Illuna says. "Enjoy your new-found ability."

"So... does this mean that I am an ethereal now?..." I ask her, confused.

"Being able to change your consciousness between planes is not something unique to ethereals," Illuna says. "I can do it, Arraka can do it, and the same goes for any spirit from the magical plane, but just because we can change our perspective does not mean that our main focus is on the ethereal plane. In Flower's case, she considers her real self to be the soul from her mind, and she views her body from the earthen plane as a puppet on strings. Is this how you are feeling about your body right now?"

"Hmm..." I say. "Now that you mention it, no, that is not how I'm feeling. I did feel sort of like that when the Overseer was the one who sent my consciousness to the ethereal plane by force, but not anymore. My body from the earthen plane is clearly my main perspective, and the soul feels like the one that I'm controlling through strings, instead."

"Then you are not an ethereal," Illuna says.

"Yeah, I guess not," I say.

"This is all very lovely," Melindra says, "but could we perhaps focus on our original task? I can't delay these traps for much longer, so I suggest you either get the puzzle piece now, or we get the hell out of here!"


[29] "No, he's gone," Arraka says. "He's running up the stairs as we speak."

"Running up the stairs?" Melindra says, as she almost lets out a laugh. "Well, I guess we won't be seeing him anymore, then."

"What do you mean?" I say.

Right after I ask my question, I hear a man screaming in pain, as the whole staircase and the entrance to the ruins get filled with flames.

"The exit was obviously going to be booby trapped too," Melindra says. "I don't know what that guy was thinking."

"Do you think he's dead?..." Flower asks, somewhat apprehensively.

"Of course he's dead," Melindra says, "After a fire like that, I don't even think there will be any remains left of him, except for his ashes."

"So, how long do we need to keep standing here?" Kate asks. "Will these traps ever stop?"


[30] Suddenly, we hear a man screaming in pain from the direction of the stairs, as the whole staircase and the entrance to the ruins get filled with flames.

"Oh, never mind," Melindra says. "I forgot about the traps on the stairs. Well, I guess he won't be bothering us anymore."

"Do you think he's dead?..." Flower asks, somewhat apprehensively.

"Of course he's dead," Melindra says, "After a fire like that, I don't even think there will be any remains left of him, except for his ashes."

"So, how long do we need to keep standing here?" Kate asks. "Will these traps ever stop?"


[31] As we are all rushing to Melindra's position, multiple arrows begin flying from the walls, while several spinning blades are coming out of the floor, moving back and forth through the corridor. Once we all reach Melindra, Kate makes four walls of ice around us, so that they can defend us from any stray arrows that could wind up hitting us.

"What happened?" Flower asks. "I don't understand!"

"I'll tell you what happened," Melindra says, angrily. "That illusionist guy must have put out the torches so that he could cast some sort of an illusion on us without us noticing. And then when we realized that it was a trick, he panicked, and he pulled a random lever to activate the traps. Who knows where he is now? I bet he's laughing at us. He's laughing at us for being stupid enough to--"

Suddenly, we hear a man screaming in pain from the direction of the stairs, as the whole staircase and the entrance to the ruins get filled with flames.

"Oh, never mind," Melindra says. "I forgot about the traps on the stairs. Well, I guess he's not laughing now, is he?"

"Do you think he's dead?..." Flower asks, somewhat apprehensively.

"Of course he's dead," Melindra says, "After a fire like that, I don't even think there will be any remains left of him, except for his ashes."

"So, how long do we need to keep standing here?" Kate asks. "Will these traps ever stop?"


[32] "Yeah, and he also liked to hide around invisibly a lot," I say. "He was almost completely undetectable."

"Well, if I get my hands on him," Melindra says, "I'm going to wring his neck as if he were a--"

Suddenly, we hear a man screaming in pain from the direction of the stairs, as the whole staircase and the entrance to the ruins get filled with flames.

"Oh, never mind," Melindra says. "I forgot about the traps on the stairs. Well, I guess he won't be bothering us anymore."

"Do you think he's dead?..." Flower asks, somewhat apprehensively.

"Of course he's dead," Melindra says, "After a fire like that, I don't even think there will be any remains left of him, except for his ashes."

"So, how long do we need to keep standing here?" Kate asks. "Will these traps ever stop?"


[33] "Sure," Arraka says. "The illusionist happened to see you when you were flying above the city, so he hopped into a flying metal vehicle, used his illusion magic to make it silent and invisible along with himself, and then he used it to follow you all the way to the abandoned building."

"So, you knew that he was following us from the very beginning?" Illuna says.

"Mhm..." Arraka says. "And I might have even considered telling you about him, if SOMEONE hadn't spinned my amulet again."

"Alright, you've made your point," Illuna says. "I'm leaving your amulet open for now. But if you don't help us next time, you know what will happen."

"Whatever," Arraka says.

"Flower, I think it's about time you turn back to normal," Illuna says. "There shouldn't be any more need for you to perform long-range teleportation in the ether for today."

"Oh, right," Flower says, while her eyes are still shining with a bright red color. "Let me just teleport back to our sanctuary, and I'll turn it off."


[34] "Sure," Arraka says. "The illusionist happened to see you when you were flying above the city, so he hopped into a flying metal vehicle, used his illusion magic to make it silent and invisible along with himself, and then he used it to follow you all the way to the abandoned building."

"So, you knew that he was following us from the very beginning?" Illuna says.

"Mhm..." Arraka says. "And I might have even told you about him sooner, if SOMEONE hadn't closed my amulet."

"Alright, you've made your point," Illuna says. "I'm leaving your amulet open for now. But if you don't help us next time, you know what will happen."

"Whatever," Arraka says.

"Flower, I think it's about time you turn back to normal," Illuna says. "There shouldn't be any more need for you to perform long-range teleportation in the ether for today."

"Oh, right," Flower says, while her eyes are still shining with a bright red color. "Let me just teleport back to our sanctuary, and I'll turn it off."


[35] "Yes, it's fine," Illuna says.

"Okay, see you guys later," Flower tells us, and then her eyes turn blue again.

"So, is everyone ready to leave?" Melindra says.

"Yes, but I'll need someone to carry me while we're flying," Illuna says. "I can't fly without Flower's fire jets."

"I'll carry you," Kate says. "You should be light enough that it won't pose a problem for my flying ice platform."

"Thank you," Illuna says.

"Alright, so we're supposed to meet Daren, Hadrik and Leila at the shopping district," Melindra says. "Just keep flying after me. I know the way."


[36] Since this was the last day in which we could see Leila before our departure, we had a bit of trouble deciding how we'd divide our remaining time with her, but after discussing things between ourselves, everyone agreed that me and Kate should get to spend the most time with Leila, since we were the ones who got along with her the best.

The arrangement that we came up with was that Daren, Hadrik, Melindra, Flower and Illuna would have access to Leila until the end of the evening, and then Kate and I would each take one night shift with her, so that we could have enough time to properly say goodbye. This would of course mean that Leila would not be able to get any sleep for the night, but she said she didn't have any problem with that, since she didn't have anywhere to go tomorrow, so she could just get some sleep after we leave.

While Daren and the others were busy talking with Leila and rememorating our moments together, I figured that this would be a good opportunity for me to practice my ethereal plane shifting, since I probably wouldn't be getting much of a chance to do it while we'd be on the road tomorrow. 


[37] Who knows when we'll see each other again after this? What if something goes terribly wrong during the tournament and I never manage to come back to her? What if I say something really stupid to her today, and that will be her very last memory of me?

As these thoughts keep racing through my head, I am finding it more and more difficult to concentrate on what I am saying. Eventually, after only a few minutes of conversation, the two of us stop talking completely, and there is a very awkward silence that has not even once before happened between me and her, even though she is mute.

Something needs to be done. Things can't be allowed to go on like this.


[38] "I'm... not sure if I really understand the question--" I say, but then Leila cuts me off again, with another one of her floating texts.

"This may be the last night shift we'll have together in a very long time, and we're sitting here, talking about our stat devices..." Leila writes.

"Well... what else do you want to talk about?" I ask her.

"Anything..." Leila writes. "Anything, as long as it doesn't feel as forced and as awkward as the conversations we've been having in the past few minutes. Barry, what happened to us? We used to be able to talk freely, about any subject that came to our minds, and there was never any tension between us. Why can't we just act as if this were any other day? I mean, it's not like we're never going to see each other again! We're just taking a little break, aren't we?"

"You're right..." I say, as I am slowly processing Leila's words in my head. "You're absolutely right! I don't know what I was getting so worked up about! We're practically only taking a short trip of a few weeks or maybe a month, and then we'll be back. People wouldn't normally be so tense just because they won't see each other for a few weeks, right?"

"Exactly!" Leila writes. "So, let's just forget all about it and talk normally, like we always do."


[39] Once again, there is a pause, but this time it doesn't feel unnatural. We both know that our night shift is almost at its end, but we've already accepted it. We have no regrets.

"Barry, before we end our night shift... there's just... one last thing that I wanted to talk to you about," Leila writes, looking slightly embarrassed. "The other night, when you promised me that we'd go on adventures together and I... kissed you all of a sudden... I know that it might not have been the appropriate thing to do in that situation, but I was just so happy, and I kind of just... did it without thinking. I really hope I didn't put you in a difficult position by doing something like that completely out of the blue..."


[40] Once again, there is a pause, but this time it doesn't feel unnatural. We both know that our night shift is almost at its end, but we've already accepted it. We have no regrets.

"I... think it's time to go wake up the others," Leila writes. "It's almost morning."

"Right," I say, as I get up as well. "Let's go."

After taking a few steps forward, Leila turns her head back to me one more time, as some new floating letters are forming themselves in front of me.

"I'll miss you, Barry..." Leila writes.

"I know," I say. "I'll miss you too."

With these last words, we head back to our room, and we do not say anything else to each other until we wake all of our friends up.


[41] "Do you really think Selkram is the kind of person who would let something as trivial as that stop him from getting what he wants?" Arraka says. "If the mute girl will not be there when the trial is about to begin, then he will BRING her there. If Eiden can sense someone from all across the continent and teleport them to him, then so can the 'God of Time'. I guarantee you that Selkram NEVER lets anyone escape his trials, no matter where they might be. In other words, you should be meeting your precious Leila again within the next ten days, at most. Now can you PLEASE stop your whining? I'm trying to concentrate on something, here!"

"Well..." Kate tells Leila, as she is wiping the last tears from her face. "In that case, I guess I'll... see you later, then?"

"See you later," Leila writes with a smile, and then we give the engineer the signal to teleport us out, while waving goodbye to Leila one last time.


[42] "Do you really think Selkram is the kind of person who would let something as trivial as that stop him from getting what he wants?" Arraka says. "If the mute girl will not be there when the trial is about to begin, then he will BRING her there. If Eiden can sense someone from all across the continent and teleport them to him, then so can the 'God of Time'. I guarantee you that Selkram NEVER lets anyone escape his trials, no matter where they might be. In other words, you should be meeting your precious Leila again within the next ten days, at most. Now can you PLEASE stop your whining? I'm trying to concentrate on something, here!"

"Well..." Kate tells Leila, as she is wiping the last tears from her face. "In that case, I guess I'll... see you later, then?"

"See you later," Leila writes with a smile, as the rest of us begin to head towards Ollendor's gates, while waving goodbye to Leila one last time.

