
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] "Pardon me," I hear the voice of the king of the underground, and as I turn around, I see that he is now standing right next to us. "I hope I'm not interrupting anything too important, but there are some matters regarding the Overseer that I'd like to discuss with your group, and since you're already all gathered here, I figured that this would be as good a time as any to initiate a conversation."

When I take a look around, I suddenly realize that we had already reached the waiting room for a while now, although I've been too absorbed in our conversation to notice. The large hall is being lit only by torches, with no crystals left in its walls and ceilings after the recent explosions, and it is currently populated with quite a few rebels and refugees, even though most of them are people that I've seen only in passing. Of the people that I've actually interacted with, I recognize Albert and Peter, who are both standing next to the king, and of course Desmond, who is still guarding the door to the quarantine area, as usual. Our goblin healer friend, Kelrim, is also in the room, but he is too busy talking to one of the rebels to notice us.

"It's no bother," Daren tells the king of the underground. "We were actually looking for you as well. Would it be alright if we asked you a short question before we begin making our plans regarding the Overseer?"

"Certainly," the king says. "What did you want to ask?"


[3] "Pardon me," I hear the voice of the king of the underground, and as I turn around, I see that he is now standing right next to us. "I hope I'm not interrupting anything too important, but there are some matters regarding the Overseer that I'd like to discuss with your group, and since you're already all gathered here, I figured that this would be as good a time as any to initiate a conversation."

When I take a look around, I suddenly realize that we had already reached the waiting room for a while now, although I've been too absorbed in our conversation to notice. The large hall is being lit only by torches, with no crystals left in its walls and ceilings after the recent explosions, and it is currently populated with quite a few rebels and refugees, even though most of them are people that I've seen only in passing. Of the people that I've actually interacted with, I recognize Albert and Peter, who are both standing next to the king, and of course Desmond, who is still guarding the door to the quarantine area, as usual.

"It's no bother," Daren tells the king of the underground. "We were actually looking for you as well. Would it be alright if we asked you a short question before we begin making our plans regarding the Overseer?"

"Certainly," the king says. "What did you want to ask?"


[4] "How about Albert?"

"That is an interesting proposition," the king of the underground says, as he strokes his chin. "With how often you've seen the two of us together, I would have thought that it wouldn't make much of a difference for you whether it was me or him sitting on the throne."

"There is a difference," I say. "Albert may be loyal to you, but he used to be one of the rebel leaders before he became your underling. I would much rather expect him to have the people of Ollendor's interests at heart than you. And since you've been keeping him at your side this whole time, you would probably have the least trouble letting him take the throne if the rebels and the refugees were to vote him over you."

"Ah, I see your point now," the king says. "It is indeed as you say. Albert as king is a compromise I would be willing to make, if need be. Would your group care to make any other suggestions, or do you all agree with your friend's proposal?"


[5] "I think Peter would make a fine king."

"That is actually an excellent suggestion!" the king of the underground says.

"It is?" I ask him, somewhat surprised at his reaction.

"Of course," the king says. "Of the three rebel leaders, Peter is probably the one who inspires the most trust in his men. He has also been at the forefront of most major operations of the rebellion, so his face should be quite recognizable for many of the citizens of Ollendor. Perhaps even more recognizable than mine. If his candidacy for the throne is what's necessary to appease your group, then that is certainly a compromise I would be willing to make. Now then, are there also other suggestions, or do you all agree with your friend's proposal?"


[6] "In that case, my vote goes for Breynan."

"Breynan, you say?" the king asks, as he strokes his chin. "May I ask what made you pick him over the others?"

"Well, he is one of the three rebel leaders and I feel that he has a good head on his shoulders," I say. "Being one of the key figures of the rebellion should make him recognizable enough for the people in Ollendor to acknowledge him as king, and he seems wise enough to be able to lead this kingdom in the right direction."

"What you say is true, but the traits you've described could also easily apply to any of the other two rebel leaders," the king of the underground says. "Moreover, it should be rather obvious to anyone who's spent more than a few minutes with Breynan that he is not exactly the most charismatic person out there, especially if you compare him with Peter or Albert. From what I've observed, Peter is the type of leader who inspires people through his goodwill, Albert inspires them through his strong personality, and Breynan is the type who is tolerated by his underlings because he provides results. While I admit that he would probably be a competent king, and his heart is most certainly in the right place, I highly doubt that he would gain much support from the people."

"Are you sure you're not just saying this because he's the only one of the three rebel leaders who openly opposes you and your methods?" I say.


[7] "If you ask me, I think the king of the underground would be the best pick."

"It would appear that I have an ally in your group," the king says. "I thank you for your support! Now, how about the others? Who would the rest of you like to see as the new king of Ollendor?"


[8] "If a trustworthy king is what you're looking for, then Kelrim would be my choice."

"The goblin?..." the king of the underground says, looking for the first time as if he were genuinely at a loss for words. "A goblin as the new king of Ollendor? That is most certainly a... unique recommendation. Not to say that we won't take it under consideration, of course, but... uh... would anyone else perhaps like to make any other suggestions?"

"I would actually like to give my vote to Kelrim as well," Daren says. "I have every reason to believe that he would make for an excellent king."

"D-did I just hear that right?" Kelrim says, as he is now quickly approaching us. "Daren, did you just propose me as a candidate for the throne?..."

"Well, to be more accurate, Barry was the one who proposed you first, but yes, I also agree with him," Daren says.


[9] "So, are there any other people that you would like to recommend?" the king asks Daren.

"Uh... I don't... I mean, what about Desmond?" Daren says. "He seems like he would be a great--" 

"Hey, keep me out of your politics!" Desmond shouts, as he is still guarding the door to the quarantine area. "I requested this position as a quarantine area guard specifically so that I wouldn't need to take high-risk jobs ever again. If you think you can force me to be king, you must be out of your mind!"

"No, we weren't trying to force you or anything!" Daren says. "We were just... discussing our options."

"It looks like Desmond does not want to be king either," the king of the underground says. "Do you have anyone else in mind?"

"Well, I... I was thinking maybe..."

For a few moments, Daren looks in the direction of Kelrim but he hesitates to nominate him, probably because he doesn't want to put too much pressure on his friend, especially after having seen how doctor Reidzek and Desmond reacted when they were proposed as candidates for the throne. After looking through the whole waiting room for a while longer, Daren finally drops his head down, showing that he's given up.


[10] "So, are there any other people that you would like to recommend?" the king asks Daren.

"Uh... I don't... I mean, what about Desmond?" Daren says. "He seems like he would be a great--" 

"Hey, keep me out of your politics!" Desmond shouts, as he is still guarding the door to the quarantine area. "I requested this position as a quarantine area guard specifically so that I wouldn't need to take high-risk jobs ever again. If you think you can force me to be king, you must be out of your mind!"

"No, we weren't trying to force you or anything!" Daren says. "We were just... discussing our options."

"It looks like Desmond does not want to be king either," the king of the underground says. "Do you have anyone else in mind?"

"Well, I... I was thinking maybe..."

Daren begins to look around the waiting room, in a desperate attempt to find someone who he'd deem to be a good fit for a king, but after a while he finally drops his head down, showing that he's given up.


[11] Once again, the king of the underground and Albert exchange a look, but this time it is Albert who responds.

"We will prioritize the rescue of the prisoners that have family members here in the underground," Albert says. "After those are all safe, we will see how many other people we'll be able to save without compromising the delicate infrastructure of this city."

"So what you're saying is that you're going to abandon all the innocent people that you don't personally know or care about," Kate says.

"Nobody said we're abandoning them," the king of the underground says. "We will at some point rescue them too, of course, but it will take time. This may be difficult for an outsider to understand, but many of the citizens of Ollendor are highly dependent on the use of their devices. For example, there are a lot of people in this city who would normally need to walk for hours to get from their homes to their workplaces, but with the use of the flying metal vehicles that you probably have already seen roaming the skies before the lockdown, they can get there in half an hour or less. If these metal vehicles were to suddenly stop functioning, many people would be out of a job, and they would eventually run out of money to buy food for their families. Would you like to take responsibility for ruining all these people's livelihoods just to make yourself feel better for saving a few extra prisoners?"


[12] "Yes, yes, I have returned," Desmond's brother says, as several people are rushing towards us so they can shake his hand. "But I've already told you before, there is no need to call me 'Sir'. My days of being a royal guard are far behind me. For many years, I've been nothing more than a rebel and a citizen of the underground, like the rest of you. We are all equal here! Well... I suppose that some of us are more equal than others."

As he was saying those last words, Sir Horace was looking straight at the king of the underground, waiting to see if he would respond to his provocation.

"I see that you are still as popular as ever, Horace," the king of the underground says. "I will admit that I didn't expect to see you on the other side of that door so soon. Your vitality never ceases to amaze me even after all these years I've known you."

"Come on, 'king', you and I both know that my health is not the real subject you want to discuss with me right now," Desmond's brother says, with half a grin. "I think the first thing you'd want to ask me is why I decided to come out of the quarantine area now of all times, especially after you only just paid me a visit to ask me nicely if I could stay inside there for a while longer so that you could run your little election without interference."

"The thought has crossed my mind, yes," the king of the underground says.


[13] "What he wants is irrelevant," the king of the underground says, as he is almost beginning to lose his usual calm demeanor, for the first time since I've met him. "Even with you backing him up, nobody is going to vote for him! At most, they will elect him as the new king, thinking that you will be the real ruler behind the scenes. But if that is really how it's going to be, then what is the purpose of all these charades? Why not just challenge me directly? I'd much rather have you running against me in the election and winning than having you use some goblin healer as a proxy! Again I say, nobody in their right mind would vote for Kelrim if it weren't for--"

"Did I hear that right?" a man says, as he is getting closer to the king of the underground. "Is Kelrim going to be running for king?"

"No!" the king of the underground says, a little too loudly. "We were only discussing it as a possibility! Nobody said he's actually--"

"Kelrim is running for king?" says another man, who is quickly approaching us. "I'll vote for him with both hands! My wife would have been long dead if not for him. He is a hero!"

"Did you hear that?" I hear two men talking about a dozen feet away from us. "Kelrim is planning to participate in the election. And Sir Horace said he'd be his right hand man!"


[14] "So, what do you say, Kelrim?" Horace asks, with a victorious look on his face. "Will you do us all the honor of participating in our election to determine the next king?"

"I..." Kelrim says, as he seems to have a hard time containing all of the emotions he is feeling right now. "I wouldn't want to interfere with-- I mean... Only if the king of the underground is okay with it..."

"Did you hear that, 'king'?" Horace says. "Kelrim is asking for your blessing. Will you give it to him?"

"Of course," the king of the underground says, with a polite smile. "Anyone is free to participate in the upcoming election. It wouldn't be fair otherwise."


[15] "Actually, I was hoping we could talk some more about your humiliating defeat," I say. "You know... maybe rub some salt in the wound?"

"Yeah, what was that you were saying about how 'nobody in their right mind' would vote for a goblin?" Arraka asks the king of the underground. "I guess that when compared to you, even a literal monster is beginning to sound like a better option for most people, eh? Ahahahahaha!"

As Arraka finishes her taunt, both her and Hadrik start laughing in unison, and they continue to laugh for a good few seconds until Daren decides to step in.

"Please excuse my teammates," Daren tells the king of the underground. "This is just the way that they--"

"Oh it's no problem," the king of the underground says, with a forced smile. "By this point, I think I've already gotten a decent understanding of most of your friends' personalities, so their behavior isn't surprising to me. However, now that they've had their laughs, I really do believe that it's time to have a serious discussion about the Overseer, and his current hold over the city."

"Maybe we should, yes," Daren says.


[16] "Just one quick question. Did you and Horace serve as royal guards at the same time?"

"We did," the king of the underground answers. "And we defected together as well. We tried to persuade a few others to leave with us, including the captain of the guards, but unfortunately this was a matter on which we simply could not see eye to eye. Eventually, we were forced to flee to these underground caverns together, where we began to form the underground society you see before you, little by little. But it has been many years since then, and I do not feel like recounting the whole story at this time. If your curiosity has been satisfied, could we perhaps move on to the discussion about the Overseer and the hold he currently has over this city?"

"Maybe we should, yes," Daren says.


[17] "Yeah, we should probably talk about that."


[18] "Then let us get right to it," the king of the underground says. "First of all, I'd like to get you all up to speed with a few recent developments that have happened on the surface since you've returned from your trip to the seredium tower. According to our scouts, the Overseer has been very busy these past few hours. One of the first things he did after the king's death was apparently to begin assassinating every single high-ranked person in the city who knew about the existence of his core. Daren, I think you should already be familiar with what the Overseer's core is from Peter. Have you told your friends about it yet?"

"Yes," Daren says. "They know of it."

"Good," the king of the underground says. "Then you should also know that we will be organizing an attack on this core of his tomorrow, as soon as we'll have gathered all the necessary troops. Is it safe to assume that you will be joining us on this mission?"

"Yes, we've already agreed that we'd be going with you tomorrow," Daren says.


[19] "Then let us get right to it," the king of the underground says. "First of all, I'd like to get you all up to speed with a few recent developments that have happened on the surface since you've returned from your trip to the seredium tower. According to our scouts, the Overseer has been very busy these past few hours. One of the first things he did after the king's death was apparently to begin assassinating every single high-ranked person in the city who knew about the existence of his core. Daren, I think you should already be familiar with what the Overseer's core is from Peter. Have you told your friends about it yet?"

"They know about your plans to attack the Overseer, but I haven't told them the details yet," Daren says.

"Ah," the king says. "Well, in short, I know for a fact that the flying metal balls are all controlled by a single machinery which acts as the Overseer's core, and I am also aware of its location. We want to gather as many strong warriors as possible until tomorrow, so that we can destroy the Overseer's core before he has the time to consolidate his power over the city even further. Since you've already talked about our plans to attack the Overseer, is it safe to assume that you will be joining us on this mission?"

"Yes, we've already agreed that we'd be going with you tomorrow," Daren says.


[20] "Yes," Daren says. "They know of it."

"Good," the king of the underground says. "Then you should also know that we will be organizing an attack on this core of his tomorrow, as soon as we'll have gathered all the necessary troops. Is it safe to assume that you will be joining us on this mission?"

"Yes, we've already agreed that we'd be going with you tomorrow," Daren says.


[21] "They know about your plans to attack the Overseer, but I haven't told them the details yet," Daren says.

"Ah," the king says. "Well, in short, I know for a fact that the flying metal balls are all controlled by a single machinery which acts as the Overseer's core, and I am also aware of its location. We want to gather as many strong warriors as possible until tomorrow, so that we can destroy the Overseer's core before he has the time to consolidate his power over the city even further. Since you've already talked about our plans to attack the Overseer, is it safe to assume that you will be joining us on this mission?"

"Yes, we've already agreed that we'd be going with you tomorrow," Daren says.


[22] "You're right about the Overseer. We detected him through one of the crystals, earlier."

"You were able to detect him?..." the king of the underground asks. "Well, I suppose I shouldn't be too surprised, considering that your banshee from the amulet has stated openly before that she could sense Albert's aura through his invisibility. You are certain it was the Overseer, then?"

"Yes, it was definitely him," I say.

"In that case, I'll make sure to limit the flow of information as much as possible until the very last moment," the king of the underground says. "I wouldn't want any of the troops to give away our plans to the enemy by mistake because they didn't notice a small crystal in the ceiling while walking through a random corridor. Thank you for informing me of this. As promised, we will give you more details about tomorrow's operation when the time comes. Most likely, the briefing will be held tomorrow in the morning. Until then, feel free to roam around the underground base and to use its facilities however you please, just like before."

"We'll do that," Daren says. "See you around, then."

The king of the underground nods, and then we all follow Daren outside of the waiting room, heading into one of the tunnels that is less populated and that has no blue crystals left in its walls or ceilings. Once we are far enough from the waiting room to be sure that nobody can hear us, Hadrik is the first one to address a question to us.


[23] "That's good to know. We'll try to be more careful around these crystals from now on."

"Alright," the king of the underground says. "Well, that's all for now. As promised, we will give you more details about tomorrow's operation when the time comes. Most likely, the briefing will be held tomorrow in the morning. Until then, feel free to roam around the underground base and to use its facilities however you please, just like before."

"We'll do that," Daren says. "See you around, then."

The king of the underground nods, and then we all follow Daren outside of the waiting room, heading into one of the tunnels that is less populated and that has no blue crystals left in its walls or ceilings. Once we are far enough from the waiting room to be sure that nobody can hear us, Hadrik is the first one to address a question to us.


[24] "Hold on, I just remembered something," Hadrik says. "Didn't the Overseer pretty much tell us that he would only accept Breynan as a king when we formed our alliance with him? What do you think he's going to say when he'll find out that we've chosen a goblin that he's probably never heard of as a king candidate?"

"I don't think he explicitly said that Breynan would be the only option he'd accept," Daren says, "but if we want to keep our alliance with the Overseer, we're almost certainly going to need to renegotiate our terms with him. We initially agreed that we'd let him rule Ollendor behind the scenes, but that was before we knew we had Kelrim as an alternative. Now I wouldn't really be willing to accept anything other than at most a collaboration between the two of them. There would be no point in Kelrim taking the throne if he were to be just a puppet of the Overseer."

"Agreed," I say. "First, we're going to need to talk to Breynan about this, and once we've established if we want to keep our alliance with the Overseer or not, we'll have to talk to the Overseer as well and see if HE will still want to keep his alliance with us, considering that we've changed the terms of our agreement so drastically. But yeah, like Daren said, we should probably just take a break for now, and we'll settle this all out later."

"Sounds good to me," Hadrik says. "Alright, see you all later. I'm gonna go see if I can improve my new shapeshifting technique some more."


[25] "Sounds good to me," Hadrik says. "Alright, see you all later. I'm gonna go see if I can improve my new shapeshifting technique some more."


[26] "Even if it were possible to find out his true intentions," Daren says, "it would still be a bad idea to tell the king about our discussion with the Overseer, because that would almost guarantee our exclusion from tomorrow's mission. With how suspicious the king of the underground usually tends to get over the smallest of things, I really don't see how he could trust us in any way after hearing that we're having secret conversations with the Overseer in his very own underground base. I don't think we can obtain any more information from either the king of the underground or the Overseer, so we'll just have to think long and hard and decide whose side we'll take by the end of the day. Either way, we should probably-- hey, wait a minute... I completely forgot to check, but Albert wouldn't by any chance have been following us invisibly this whole time, would he?"

"Relax," Arraka says. "If he were following you, I would have told you about it."

"Right," Daren says, looking somewhat unconvinced. "Anyway, what I was going to say is that we should probably all take some time to cool our heads and we'll reach a decision together later in the evening. Let's split up and continue our individual trainings or whatever, and we'll meet up in front of our sleeping quarters in a few hours. I'll call you through the transceivers when it's time to assemble. Oh, and I will tell Breynan about our meeting too, so that we can decide together with him if we want to join the Overseer's side or not."

"Sounds good to me," Hadrik says. "Alright, see you all later. I'm gonna go see if I can improve my new shapeshifting technique some more."


[27] "Even if it were possible to find out his true intentions," Daren says, "it would still be a bad idea to tell the king about our discussion with the Overseer, because that would almost guarantee our exclusion from tomorrow's mission. With how suspicious the king of the underground usually tends to get over the smallest of things, I really don't see how he could trust us in any way after hearing that we're having secret conversations with the Overseer in his very own underground base. I don't think we can obtain any more information from either the king of the underground or the Overseer, so we'll just have to think long and hard and decide whose side we'll take by the end of the day. Either way, we should probably-- hey, wait a minute... I completely forgot to check, but Albert wouldn't by any chance have been following us invisibly this whole time, would he?"

"Relax," Arraka says. "If he were following you, I would have told you about it."

"Right," Daren says, looking somewhat unconvinced. "Anyway, what I was going to say is that we should probably all take some time to cool our heads and we'll reach a decision together later in the evening. Let's split up and continue our individual trainings or whatever, and we'll meet up in front of our sleeping quarters in a few hours. I'll call you through the transceivers when it's time to assemble."

"Sounds good to me," Hadrik says. "Alright, see you all later. I'm gonna go see if I can improve my new shapeshifting technique some more."


[28] As promised, I spent my next few hours mostly just walking around from place to place, trying to see if I could gather any useful information. I visited most of the major areas such as the mess hall, the living quarters, the infirmary and the recreation area, but sadly I couldn't really achieve much more than to confirm some of my suspicions. 

In pretty much every location that I went to, I would always run across some of the men that were strategically placed by Albert to sing the king of the underground's praises, but from what I could tell, there were a lot of people who weren't really buying it. There seemed to be plenty of men who were not exactly happy with the king of the underground's methods and who would happily vote for any other alternative that presented itself to them, and it also appeared that the king of the underground had a not-so-good reputation among the refugees coming from the surface.

From what I could gather, many of these refugees knew him as a mob boss of some sort, which isn't all that surprising, considering the dubious-sounding title that he chose for himself and his fondness for assassinating people that he doesn't like. There were also some refugees who seemed to have wrongly remembered his name as being king of the 'underworld' instead of 'underground', which makes him sound even more suspicious than he already is.


[29] ...agree with the Overseer's plan of setting an ambush for the king of the underground.

Once we decided what to say to him, all we had to do was go back to our sleeping quarters and call out the Overseer's name for him to immediately respond to us from one of the crystals, as if he'd been there this whole time, just waiting for our answer.

When we gave the Overseer the conditions under which we'd agree to collaborate with him, we tried to take full advantage of his inability to tell any outright lies, by making the terms of our agreement as specific as possible, so that he couldn't wiggle his way out of our verbal contract.

Daren, for example, made him promise that he would only capture the king of the underground and his men, but not kill them, and that no harm were to come to them during their imprisonment. Another condition that we made him agree to was that once the king of the underground would be in his custody, the Overseer would end the lockdown and he would allow us to travel in and out of the city unharmed, as long as we wouldn't attack him or his drones first.

When we tried to get him to promise that he would release the prisoners from the seredium towers, however, the Overseer was much less cooperative. His answer was that with the way things are now, the mage prisoners were necessary for sustaining both the devices from the city and his drones, and that he wouldn't be willing to free them until he'd find an alternative source of energy that would be as potent as the one provided by the towers, in their current form.


[30] ...agree with the Overseer's plan of setting an ambush for the king of the underground.

Once we decided what to say to him, all we had to do was go back to our sleeping quarters and call out the Overseer's name for him to immediately respond to us from one of the crystals, as if he'd been there this whole time, just waiting for our answer.

Before agreeing to anything, we asked the Overseer to show Breynan the recording in which the king of the underground told Albert to assassinate us if we were to choose any other king than him. While Breynan's initial reaction to hearing their conversation was that of shock, it didn't take him long to regain his senses and to realize that a peaceful resolution would have never realistically worked, considering what our plan was.

As soon as we were all on the same page regarding tomorrow's events and what needed to be done, we formed a verbal pact with the Overseer, in which he once again confirmed that he would cooperate with Breynan to rule the kingdom, and that their top priority would be the restoration of the seredium towers, so that they could free the prisoners kept inside them as soon as possible without severely impacting the city's only energy source.


[31] ...agree with the Overseer's plan of setting an ambush for the king of the underground.

Once we decided what to say to him, all we had to do was go back to our sleeping quarters and call out the Overseer's name for him to immediately respond to us from one of the crystals, as if he'd been there this whole time, just waiting for our answer.

When we informed him that we wanted Kelrim to be king instead of Breynan, the Overseer was very obviously displeased with the sudden change of our initial terms, and he said that we would need to re-discuss our agreement in more detail after the king of the underground has been dealt with.

We also asked the Overseer to show Breynan the recording in which the king of the underground told Albert to assassinate us if we were to choose any other king than him, in order to dispel any second doubts that he might have had about our plans to fight his brethren.

As soon as we were all on the same page regarding tomorrow's events and what needed to be done, Breynan went back to his own room, far away from us, and we also asked the Overseer nicely to no longer spy on us through the crystals so that we could go to sleep.


[32] ...tell the Overseer that we won't help him set an ambush for the king of the underground.

Once we decided what to say to him, all we had to do was go back to our sleeping quarters and call out the Overseer's name for him to immediately respond to us from one of the crystals, as if he'd been there this whole time, just waiting for our answer.

When we informed him that we did not want to follow his plan, the Overseer was clearly not very pleased, but he said that he was still willing to give us a chance to change our minds and that he would not attack us immediately after reaching the surface, in order to give us some time to come to our senses and to attack the king of the underground ourselves.

As soon as our discussion with the Overseer was done, we started making preparations for going to sleep, as it was getting a little late.


[33] ...tell the Overseer that we won't help him set an ambush for the king of the underground.

Once we decided what to say to him, all we had to do was go back to our sleeping quarters and call out the Overseer's name for him to immediately respond to us from one of the crystals, as if he'd been there this whole time, just waiting for our answer.

When we informed him that we did not want to follow his plan, the Overseer was clearly not very pleased, but he said that he was still willing to give us a chance to change our minds and that he would not attack us immediately after reaching the surface, in order to give us some time to come to our senses and to attack the king of the underground ourselves.

As soon as we were all on the same page regarding tomorrow's events and what needed to be done, Breynan went back to his own room, far away from us, and we also asked the Overseer nicely to no longer spy on us through the crystals so that we could go to sleep.


[34] "Actually, yes," Leila writes. "Barry mentioned earlier that he wanted to do a night shift with Hadrik so he could cheer him up a little. Isn't that right, Barry?"

"Oh yeah," I say. "Good thing you reminded me. I almost forgot. Would it be alright if we took the first night shift, Hadrik?"

Hadrik doesn't answer, and he's just staring at me and Leila, along with everyone else in the room.

"Is there a problem with what I said, or...?" I ask confused.

"No, it's just that... Daren said more or less the same thing as you, shortly before you and Leila arrived here," Kate says. "He said he wanted to have a drink with Hadrik to help brighten up his mood, and they were both planning to take the first night shift together."


[35] "Oh," I say. "Well, there's not much point in three of us doing a shift at the same time, so I guess I'll have a drink with Hadrik some other day, then. Leila, do you still want to do a night shift together? We could volunteer to take the second one tonight, if you want."

"Sounds like a plan!" Leila writes.

"It's settled, then," I say.

"Wow..." Hadrik says. "I never thought I'd see the day when two grown men would offer to cheer me up with drinks on the same night. I guess I must have been a real downer lately, huh? Well, that is about to change really soon! Daren, get ready! We're doing a drinking marathon tonight. Don't say I didn't warn you!"

"If doing a marathon means drinking slow sips every few minutes or so, then sure, I'm all for it," Daren says.

"Hahaha!" Hadrik says. "That's Daren for you! Always joking around!"

"I'm not joking, though," Daren says. "I'm not doing a drinking marathon before a big battle. You know it's not happening."

"Don't worry, I'm sure you'll warm up to the idea after the first few drinks," Hadrik says. "Let's go. I have all the bottles we need here in my backpack!"


[36] "Yes, Barry and I will be taking the second night shift, if it's alright with you," Leila writes.

"Of course," Daren says. "Hadrik, you said earlier that you were okay with us taking the first shift, right?"

"Sure," Hadrik says. "We'll be drinking all night, so it's good to know that we'll have a few hours of sleep for the effects of the alcohol to wear off!"

"I expected no less of an answer from you," Daren says. "Anyway, get your bottles and follow me. We'll try to find a place with as few blue crystals as possible that still has a clear view of our room."

As Daren and Hadrik walk out the door, the rest of us go to bed, and I manage to sleep for about five hours or so before Daren comes to wake me up, so that Leila and I can take the second night shift. Once we find the corridor that Daren and Hadrik used before us, we sit down on the floor with our backs against a wall, and as we begin to talk, a few hours pass us by without even realizing it.


[37] "It's alright," I say. "I'm sure the others don't mind. Still, it's too bad that doctor Reidzek can't modify your stat device to also generate a voice alongside your texts. Maybe that way it would have been easier for you to join a discussion in a natural way without constantly having to feel like you are interrupting."

"Yes, exactly!" Leila writes, as she suddenly turns towards me, looking a little too excited that somebody actually managed to place himself in her shoes and see things from her perspective. "That is exactly how I feel whenever I try to join a conversation! It's like I'm always interrupting!"

"Well, it's not a surprise that you feel that way," I say. "Even if your device is designed to translate your thoughts into words, I imagine that there is still a sizeable delay between the moment when you are having your thoughts and the moment when the device actually displays the text. Also, from what I've seen, you have control over the position of the text and its size too, so by the time you're done setting up all these variables, the brief point in time where you could insert yourself into the conversation without making things awkward is probably long gone."

"Mhm," Leila writes, while looking at the wall in front of her as she slowly extends her legs. "And even if I somehow manage to get the timing right, if I don't place the text in a spot that is visible for everyone, they might notice it too late and then I'd still be interrupting. Having a voice would make things so much easier..."


[38] "Well, I think your voice sounds wonderful!"

"Thank you..." Leila writes, with an uncharacteristically shy look in her eyes.

"So, umm, would it be alright if I asked you how you came up with your voice?" I say. "Or is that something too personal?"

"It's fine," Leila writes. "There wasn't any special meaning behind my voice or anything. I just used the voices of the other girls around me as a reference point, and then I played around with different tonalities in my head until I found one that I liked. What about you? Your thinking voice was the same as the one you use to talk, right? Was this something that you chose consciously, or is it just something that happened without you giving it much thought?"


[39] "Ah, so that is the reason why your voice sounded so artificial and unnatural!"

"Nice try..." Leila writes. "But if the voice really sounded so unnatural, can you tell me why you've been using it to read my texts for the past few hours?"

"Well, that's because uhh..." I say. "It's due to the fact that... Ah, damn, you've caught me!"

"Always," Leila writes, with a slight smile.

"Ahem..." I say. "So, umm, would it be alright if I asked you how you came up with your voice? Or is that something too personal?"

"It's fine," Leila writes. "There wasn't any special meaning behind my voice or anything. I just used the voices of the other girls around me as a reference point, and then I played around with different tonalities in my head until I found one that I liked. What about you? Your thinking voice was the same as the one you use to talk, right? Was this something that you chose consciously, or is it just something that happened without you giving it much thought?"


[40] After a few seconds of silence, Leila writes again, while she is looking pensively towards the wall in front of her.

"We've really been through a lot together, haven't we?..." the writing says. "We've fought side by side in an arena, we've heard each other's thoughts, we've... held onto each other for dear life so that we wouldn't get erased from existence..."

After her writing disappears, there is a brief pause during which it feels like we are both revisiting the events from the tower in our heads, without so much as a word from either of us. We've been completely avoiding this subject all night, and now that I see how reluctant we are to discuss it even after it's been brought up, I think I'm beginning to understand why.


[41] "Don't worry," I tell Leila, as I place my hand on top of hers and then hold it gently. "I'm not going anywhere."

"Oh? Should I take it that you've already come up with a plan to defeat the Magium, then?" Leila writes with a playful smile, as she subtly pulls her hand away from mine.

"Of course!" I say. "In fact, the Magium never stood a chance against me to begin with. I've only been pretending to be scared by it until now, in order to trick it into letting down its guard. If you don't believe me, you can ask Arraka! She's the one who said that I'm the best person for dealing with the Magium, not me!"

"Hey, now that you mention it, Arraka did say something about you being the only person fit for the job," Leila writes, as she plays along with my act. "I will admit that I was a little skeptical at first, but now you have me fully convinced! So, when are you planning to reveal your hidden powers that will allow you to deal the final blow to the Magium?"

"All in due time..." I say. "You wouldn't want me to give away my secret plans and risk being overheard by our enemy, would you?"


[42] "Don't worry," I tell Leila. "I'm not going anywhere."

"Oh? Should I take it that you've already come up with a plan to defeat the Magium, then?" Leila writes with a playful smile.

"Of course!" I say. "In fact, the Magium never stood a chance against me to begin with. I've only been pretending to be scared by it until now, in order to trick it into letting down its guard. If you don't believe me, you can ask Arraka! She's the one who said that I'm the best person for dealing with the Magium, not me!"

"Hey, now that you mention it, Arraka did say something about you being the only person fit for the job," Leila writes, as she plays along with my act. "I will admit that I was a little skeptical at first, but now you have me fully convinced! So, when are you planning to reveal your hidden powers that will allow you to deal the final blow to the Magium?"

"All in due time..." I say. "You wouldn't want me to give away my secret plans and risk being overheard by our enemy, would you?"


[43] "Don't worry," I tell Leila, as I place my hand on top of hers and then hold it gently. "I'm not going anywhere."

When I initially touched her hand, Leila's first instinct was to turn and look at me, surprised, but after hearing what I had to say, she smiled slightly and then she turned her palm upwards so that she could hold my hand as well. 

"I know," Leila writes simply and then we both stay silent for some time, looking away from each other while our hands remain linked together.

As we're both sitting there without saying anything, I suddenly see another one of Leila's blue texts in front of me, except that it's a bit shaky, and blurrier than usual.

"There was... something that I've been meaning to ask you for a while, except that I never really found the right time to do it," the writing says, as the look in Leila's eyes is becoming a little hesitant. "I've been thinking about what you said a week ago, when you mentioned that you would be willing to return to Varathia after the tournament to visit me if you could obtain an official letter that invites you back here..."

"Oh, right," I say. "I do remember saying that!"


[44] "I got it. Just the two of us, then. It's a promise."

When Leila hears my answer, her face immediately lights up with joy as she grabs my hand with both of her hands and she squeezes it tightly, while looking straight into my eyes.

"It's a promise!" Leila writes, still beaming, and then without thinking, she gives me a quick kiss on the lips.

When the initial excitement wears off and she realizes how bold she was, Leila blushes intensely, and she turns her head away, as if she had suddenly become too self-conscious to be able to maintain direct eye-contact with me anymore. Before I get the chance to say anything, Leila lets go of my hand, she gets up from the ground in a hurry and she places one of her blue texts in front of me.

"I think I heard the others starting to wake up," the writing says, while Leila is still avoiding my gaze. "I'll... I'll go see if they need anything!"


[45] "I'm sorry, I... can't do that to my friends. They'd feel betrayed if I didn't invite them."

"Oh..." Leila writes, as she loosens her hold on my hand and looks to the side. "You're... you're right! We should invite them too, of course. They wouldn't want to miss out on all the adventures. Maybe... it's better this way..."

After a few more seconds of silent contemplation, she lets go of my hand and gets up from the ground without looking at me, as another blue text appears in front of me.

"I think I heard the others starting to wake up," the writing says. "We should probably get going."

"Right," I say, in a somewhat hesitant tone. "Let's go back, then."

As we are returning to the sleeping quarters, Leila is walking in front of me in silence, looking as if she were trying to hide her face from me.


[46] "Well, then I guess we're just going to have to do a three-man shift for tonight," I say. "Daren, is that okay with you?"

"Yeah, I don't have a problem with it," Daren says.

"Wow..." Hadrik says. "I never thought I'd see the day when two grown men would offer to cheer me up with drinks on the same night. I guess I must have been a real downer lately, huh? Well, that is about to change really soon! Daren, Barry, get ready! We're doing a drinking marathon tonight. Don't say I didn't warn you!"

"If doing a marathon means drinking slow sips every few minutes or so, then sure, I'm all for it," Daren says.

"Hahaha!" Hadrik says. "That's Daren for you! Always joking around!"


[47] "As many as we need!" Hadrik says, and then he reaches for a seventh bottle.

"Haven't you been drinking at least one bottle a day since the tournament started?" Daren says. "That means you must have bought dozens of these before coming here."

"More like hundreds," Hadrik says, as he is now putting his backpack somewhere behind him and handing us each a bottle. "I always stock up on loads of these bottles every time I go back to the dwarven lands, because I know full well that the alcohol in other regions of the world doesn't compare."

"Don't most enchanters put a limit on how many items you can fit into a single backpack in order to avoid unwanted malfunctions, though?" Daren says. "I've never really had that problem with the backpacks I've enchanted, but I heard that it's a common issue for most other mages that specialize in this craft."

"Yeah, that's why I paid extra money for my backpack," Hadrik says. "Not only can it store a ton of items in it, but it also stores bottles in a way that prevents them from accidentally breaking. It's practically tailor-made for drunkards like me! But anyway, we've talked enough about this. My throat is getting dry already. Let's have a toast!"


[48] "Huh..." Daren says, as he takes a small sip of ale. "I never knew that dwarves liked their homeland so much. Is that why you don't see many dwarves actually living in the Western Continent, unlike the people from my continent, who moved in droves there when they had the first opportunity, because of the ideal weather conditions?"

"Yeah, the dwarves must really like the cold, I guess," Hadrik says. "Although, I will admit that there is a certain charm to that place once you get used to it. It's because of the people, I think. No matter who you're talking to, you always feel like you're in good company. It's a real shame that so many of the other giants can't understand this. It has been so long since the war between our two peoples ended, but I don't feel like their opinions of dwarves in general changed that much since then. Even someone like Gontrok, who is a shapeshifter and can shrink down to their size to talk, still acts the same way as--"

He pauses.

"Dear gods, I'm talking about him as if he were still alive," Hadrik says. "What's wrong with me? I've barely even touched this bottle and I'm already spewing nonsense."


[49] "Did you ever hear the joke about the rock golem and the three-legged trampler?"

"Come on, Barry, you're going to need to try harder than that," Hadrik says, with a grin. "I don't think there's a living soul in this world who hasn't heard that joke before."

"Well, how about we play one of your drinking games to lighten up the mood, then?" Daren asks. "Something other than Met-Zek, preferably, because we've already played that one plenty of times before."

"See, now there's a good suggestion!" Hadrik says. "I think I might have just the right game for us to play. Hold on a sec. Let me try to remember the rules."

For the next few hours, Daren, Hadrik and I alternated between playing Hadrik's new card game and discussing various other topics that came to our minds in the spur of the moment. 


[50] "Let's talk about your love life, then. How are things with Arraka going?"

"Hahahaha!" Hadrik says. "Now that's the kind of question we need in order to lighten up the mood, here. Well done, Barry!"

He pauses.

"Hmm, let's see..." Hadrik says. "To be perfectly honest, Arraka and I haven't talked that much lately. She's been spending a lot of time alone with Daren, though, especially while they were in that quarantine area. What do you think, Daren, should I be getting jealous?"

"Hey, if you want her, you can take her, man," Daren says. "I won't be the one to stand in the way of your love. After how much I've had to interact with her in the past few days due to my aura training and everything else, I've learned to appreciate almost every moment in which I don't have to hear her irritating voice shouting in my head. I have no idea how Illuna's put up with her for so long."


[51] "I'm not sure if 'change' is the word I'd use," I say. "To me, it looks more like she's partially reverted to her older personality. The one she had five thousand years ago, before she was trapped in a mountain, then forced to inhabit weak animal bodies and then put inside an amulet. We all saw how the Arraka from the past acted during the ritual. She was like a completely different person. She didn't crack jokes or kill people just for the sake of having fun. She had focus. I think that our Arraka's bizarre sense of humor is something that she's started developing after she was banished here, and after she realized that she couldn't find a way to go back to the magical plane. She only started messing around because she lost her initial purpose of getting her revenge on the gods, but now that she's regained it, she has also gained back her focus, so she is acting less like a jokester and more like her older self."

"Eh..." Hadrik says. "If you ask me, even the 'jokester' Arraka still had her moments. For example, her decision to not reveal my trial from the God of Time was taken before she started becoming serious. I'm still surprised that she actually waited for me to talk about it myself, instead of using it to make fun of me, to be honest. I guess even someone like her can show some basic decency from time to time."


[52] "Alright," Daren says. "Is everyone ready?"

 "For better or for worse... we are ready," Kate says.

"Then let's head for the waiting room," Daren says. "The king of the underground is probably already waiting for us there so he can give us our briefing."

"Do you think that we made the right choice?" Hadrik says, looking a little unsure of himself. "When choosing our side, I mean."

"We'll only know for certain if it was the right choice once it's all over," Daren says. "Until then, we can only hope."

"Yeah..." Hadrik says. "I suppose you're right. Let's get going, then."


[53] "Alright," Daren says. "Is everyone ready?"

 "For better or for worse... we are ready," Kate says.

"Then let's head for the waiting room," Daren says. "The king of the underground is probably already waiting for us there so he can give us our briefing."

"Do you think that we made the right choice?" Hadrik says, looking a little unsure of himself. "When choosing our side, I mean."

"We'll only know for certain if it was the right choice once it's all over," Daren says. "But for what it's worth, I sincerely believe that we picked the best king candidate we possibly could."

"Yeah..." Hadrik says. "You're probably right. Let's get going, then."


[54] Chapter 9 of book 3 is now available. Press on the button below to proceed.

----Summary of the previous chapter----

After the king of Ollendor's death, the Overseer has seized control of the city. 

While they were still in the underground base, Barry and his friends were contacted in secret by the Overseer, who asked for their cooperation for a plan to ambush the king of the underground and his troops soon after they were to teleport to the surface.

Barry and his team refused the offer, and they decided instead to join the rebels' side, who are planning a trip to the surface in order to destroy the Overseer's core and neutralize him for good.

Whichever side wins this battle will get to decide who will be the next king of Ollendor.


[55] Chapter 9 of book 3 is now available. Press on the button below to proceed.

----Summary of the previous chapter----

After the king of Ollendor's death, the Overseer has seized control of the city. 

While they were still in the underground base, Barry and his friends were contacted in secret by the Overseer, who asked for their cooperation for a plan to ambush the king of the underground and his troops soon after they were to teleport to the surface.

Barry and his team have decided to accept the Overseer's offer, and to pretend to be allies with the rebels until they reach the surface, so that they can attack them together with the drones upon receiving the Overseer's signal.

Whichever side wins this battle will get to decide who will be the next king of Ollendor.

