
[1] 

[2] "There will be a... transitional period in which we will need a strong leader that can unify the masses and make sure that they are not lead astray in this time of crisis," the king of the underground says. "The death of the old king will already come as a shock to many of the people of Ollendor, so we should avoid giving them even more cause for concern by also changing the ruling system right away. The change needs to be done gradually, and the idea of an elected council will need to be introduced to them by a king that they know and trust."

"And who is this 'king that they know and trust' going to be?" Kate asks, in an acid tone. "Is it you?"
 
"If that is what the people want, then I would not shy away from accepting this great responsibility," the king of the underground says. "It has, however, not yet been decided who this temporary king will be, and you are of course welcome to make your own suggestions as to who you think would be the most suited to take on this very important role."


[3] "I would like to nominate doctor Reidzek as a candidate," Daren says, as Leila's father turns his head towards him with a shocked look on his face.

"An excellent choice!" the king of the underground tells Daren, after taking a quick glance towards Leila's father, to observe his reaction. "Doctor Reidzek has become a much respected member of our society in the short time that he's graced us with his presence, so I have no doubts that he would gather many votes, were he to agree to participate in our election. What do you say, doctor? Should I put your name on the candidate lists?"

"I'm... afraid that I won't be entering the election," Leila's father says. "I'm sorry, Daren, but becoming king would be too great a responsibility for a simple inventor like me. I joined this rebellion because I wanted to help change this city for the better, but the idea of leading an entire kingdom is just too much for me to bear. I hope I didn't end up disappointing any of you by saying this."

"Umm, no... of course not!" Daren says. "It's your choice whether you want to be king or not. I was only making a suggestion, that's all..."


[4] "I have no idea," Daren answers me. "I've seen many speedy recoveries in my time, but never to such a degree. He would need immense willpower to even stand up in the state he is in right now."

"How did you hear our conversation from inside the quarantine area?" Albert asks Desmond's brother when he gets closer to us. "Have you been eavesdropping on us through the door this whole time?"

"Well, not the WHOLE time," Desmond's brother says as he now stops somewhere near Kelrim, while leaning with one arm on Daren's shoulder, for balance. "I initially wanted to surprise my little brother by showing him how sprightly I was, but your discussion was so interesting that I couldn't help but stop to listen to it. I wasn't really planning to intervene until these fine folks over here nominated our good friend Kelrim as the new king, at which point I immediately knew that I had to show up and announce my support for him!"

"Is that Sir Horace?" I hear one person from the crowd of people in the waiting room. "By the gods, it's really him! He is alive. Sir Horace is alive!"

"You're right!" says another man. "He is alive and well! Thank the gods!"

"Sir Horace has returned to us!" says a third person, in an excited tone. "He has returned!"


[5] "So that's the real reason why you don't want to save those prisoners," Kate says, in a disgusted tone. "It's because it would ruin your chances of holding on to your precious throne."

After hearing what Kate had to say, the king of the underground closes his eyes and shakes his head in disapproval for a second or two.

"It's clear that we're not making any progress with this conversation," the king of the underground says. "Believe what you want. Either way, I think you've already gotten the answer you were looking for. Now perhaps it is finally time for us to have a little discussion about the Overseer, and the hold that he currently has over this city?"

"Maybe we should, yes," Daren says.


[6] "You will free all of them?" Kate asks, in a doubtful tone. "Even the ones that are essential for keeping the devices all around Ollendor functional?"


[7] "Then I will help you," Horace says. "I will be your right hand man. It's the least I can do to repay you after all the help you've given me in these last few weeks. You don't need to worry about whether you can do the job properly or not. All you need to worry about is whether you WANT to be king or not. This is what you need to decide. Do you want to be king or not?"

"Do I want... to be king?" Kelrim asks, looking as if he were finally starting to consider the possibility in earnest.


[8] "Yeah, but that guy's shady as hell," the first guy answers. "Who in their right mind would even vote for him after having Kelrim as an alternative?"

After hearing these last words, I check to see what the king of the underground's reaction is, out of curiosity. To my surprise, the man is like an impregnable fortress. You can clearly tell that he is consumed by rage if you've studied his facial expressions for long enough to tell the difference, but to someone who doesn't know him well, he would probably look as if he were completely unaffected by what's happening around him.

I guess I have to give credit where credit is due. I don't think I've ever seen someone with greater self-restraint than this.


[9] "Oh, and another thing..." the king of the underground says. "You should be careful to not talk about our plans to eliminate the Overseer when you are close to any of the blue crystals. It may be hard to believe, but Albert told me while we were in the throne room that he could feel someone watching us through the crystals. When I asked him to give me more details, he said he couldn't, because it was more of an instinct than anything else, and that he couldn't feel any foreign auras coming from the crystals by using his magical sense. Since I have come to trust Albert's assassin instincts throughout the years, my conclusion was that the most likely culprit would be the Overseer, because to my knowledge, his metal balls also have blue crystals within them, so he must have somehow found a way to resonate with the crystals in the caves. That might also explain why the crystals have started behaving so erratically all of a sudden, although their strange behavior could also have been caused by the recent explosions that affected them."


[10] "From what Leila told me, it is possible to circumvent lie detection by lying through omission," Kate says. "If that is true, then reading the king of the underground's aura to see if he's telling the truth or not could be one of the worst possible ideas, because he always speaks in half-truths and almost never lies upfront. It would be very easy for him to give us a carefully constructed answer that is technically true and absolves him of guilt, even if he's hiding something important that we don't know about."

"Yeah, reading that guy's true intentions is a pain," Arraka says. "I wouldn't recommend it. I've checked his aura a few times, and he seems to have made a habit of adding a little tremble to it almost every time when he speaks about an easily verifiable truth, in order to throw off any potential aura readers like myself. If he makes it seem like he's lying all the time, even when it's obvious that he's telling the truth, it gets too annoying when you try to differentiate between the actual lies and the fake lies, considering how good he is at aura manipulation. Maybe I could figure it out if I were to try hard enough, but I'm not going to waste my time for something as stupid as this."


[11] "I'm afraid that I'm going to have to agree with Kate this time, doctor," Daren says. "It was pretty clear that the king of the underground was not at all happy with the large amount of support that Kelrim was getting, and he must have realized by now that trying to win against him in a fair election is simply not possible anymore. Sadly, I think that keeping the king of the underground as an ally may no longer be an option for us after what happened back there in the waiting room. The only two choices that remain available to us are to either accept the Overseer's deal to ambush the king together with him or to handle him on our own. Either way, we should probably-- hey, wait a minute... I completely forgot to check, but Albert wouldn't by any chance have been following us invisibly this whole time, would he?"

"Relax," Arraka says. "If he were following you, I would have told you about it."

"Right," Daren says, looking somewhat unconvinced. "Anyway, what I was going to say is that we should probably all take some time to cool our heads and we'll reach a decision together later in the evening. Let's split up and continue our individual trainings or whatever, and we'll meet up in front of our sleeping quarters in a few hours. I'll call you through the transceivers when it's time to assemble."


[12] As the king of the underground asks us this question, I suddenly realize that I forgot to ask him what he is planning to do about the seredium tower prisoners. Then again, I suppose there's not much point in asking him about that anymore, since Kelrim and Horace will likely be the ones taking these types of decisions from now on.


[13] "Just make sure that you don't get caught," Daren says, in a slightly worried voice.

"I know, I know, I'll be careful," I say. 

"I'll be going back to my workshop, then," doctor Reidzek says. "There are a few projects that I've left unfinished, and I haven't really had the time to attend to them since we came back from the tower. Leila, do you want to help?"

"Umm, yes, of course!" Leila writes.

"Okay, well, I'll be going in the direction of the waiting room too," Daren says, "because I think there may still have been a few people with light wounds that I missed the first time around. Lead the way, doctor!"

I follow doctor Reidzek, Leila and Daren back to the waiting room, and then we each go our own separate ways, with me heading towards the recreation area of the underground caverns first.


[14] She also seems to believe that the races we currently have in the magical and earthen planes have nothing to do with the original races from the primordial plane, and that they are also likely a result of the accident that caused the split.

I didn't stay with them long enough to hear the end of their discussion, but it looked to me like Arraka hadn't really been all that successful in her attempts of convincing Kate to change her stance on the subject.

After also paying short visits to Hadrik, Daren and Leila, who were all still busy with the tasks that they set out to accomplish when we first split up, time flew by, and eventually every one of us was contacted by Daren so that we could finally meet up somewhere in an abandoned tunnel with no crystals and decide what we would tell the Overseer.

There was a rather long discussion, with everyone giving their own different opinions, but after expending a lot of effort I was finally able to convince my friends that our best course of action would be to...


[15] "You know, I've always wondered about something..." I tell Leila, as she is sitting beside me, with her legs tucked up in front of her. "How is it that you can be so talkative whenever you are alone with me or Kate, but when we are in a group you barely write a word? Are you just not all that comfortable around the others, or is it a problem that you have with groups in general?" 

"I... think it's more of a general problem," Leila writes, as she takes a few seconds to think about what I've said. "I haven't really had the chance to interact with groups ever since I was at the Beacon, and back then I didn't have my stat device to write for me, so all I could do was sit silently in a corner without saying anything. Since it's been mostly just me and my father after we escaped from the Beacon, I just can't seem to get comfortable with anything other than one-on-one conversations, no matter how hard I try. "


[16] "I... think it's more of a general problem," Leila writes, as she takes a few seconds to think about what I've said. "I haven't really had the chance to interact with groups ever since I was at the Beacon, and back then I didn't have my stat device to write for me, so all I could do was sit silently in a corner without saying anything. Since it's been mostly just me and my father after we escaped from the Beacon, I just can't seem to get comfortable with anything other than one-on-one conversations, no matter how hard I try. "


[17] "The voice from your head?..." I say. "Hold on a minute, do you mean to say that the voice I heard was actually the voice you're using in your own head while you're thinking?"

Leila does not write anything, but she nods weakly, while her face is still red as a tomato.

"But... how?" I say. "You've never had the chance to hear your real voice before, have you?"

"It's not my 'real' voice, since I don't think I actually have one," Leila writes, as she is slowly calming down and her face is becoming less red. "but ever since I was little I've always wished to have a voice like all the other kids, so I kind of... made one for myself in my own head, and I kept changing it every few years or so to make it sound more grown-up. I think the voice you heard was the latest version of it, which is the one I'm using to think right now, because I could hear my thoughts echoing around me in the ethereal plane, and they sounded just like it. To be honest, when I made this voice I didn't really expect anyone other than me to ever hear it, so talking about it like this is a little embarrassing..."


[18] "No, I'm sorry," Leila writes, as she is trying to stop herself from her silent laugh. "It's just-- it's just that seeing you thinking out loud like this reminded me of how your thoughts sounded when we were being sent flying back and forth throughout all the planes of existence. You were overthinking things in the same way back then too!"

"Well, in my defense," I say, "I've practically been doing magical research for more than half of my life, so overthinking things is pretty much second nature to me by now."

"I suppose you're right!" Leila writes, with a smile, as she now seems to have finally managed to contain her laughter from before.


[19] "I... I don't think it was the idea of no longer existing that scared me the most at the time," Leila writes. "It's rather... Do you remember that conversation we had in the tunnels about what would have happened if you had actually been erased by the Magium during the God of Time trials?... About how in a world like that I would have had to live my life trying to convince the others and even myself that you really existed and weren't just a figment of my imagination? I think... I think this is what I was really most afraid of. The thought of losing you in such a horrible way... it would have simply been too much for me to bear..."

As Leila is done writing her words, I notice that her hand is trembling slightly and that she has a somewhat anxious look in her eyes.


[20] Leila nods and then we both get up from the ground, so that we can begin heading in the direction of Daren and the others. As we are walking towards the sleeping quarters, I can see a blue floating text appearing in front of me, which seems to be travelling at the same speed as me, so that I can read it properly.

"I really had fun tonight," Leila writes, while smiling. "I'm glad that we decided to take this night shift together. Maybe we can do it again sometime!"

"Yeah, I had fun tonight too," I say. "And I'm sure we'll find other chances to talk like this, even if it's not necessarily night shifts."

"Let's hope that we will!" Leila writes.

When we reach our friends, we find out that everyone was already awake and that they were just about to call out to us. As soon as they see us, they all get up from their beds, they grab their backpacks and they assemble in front of the door, so that we can leave together.


[21] Leila nods, and then she dashes towards the sleeping quarters while I am grabbing my backpack and getting ready to follow her as well.

'Just the two of us', huh? 

Until this moment, I have completely refused to even acknowledge a future in which I might not win the tournament or become a mage. But now?... Now I'm starting to think that maybe even such a future might not be so bad after all...

As soon as I get back to our room, I see that everyone is already awake and that they were waiting for me to return, so that we could leave together. 

When I first walked through the door Leila looked briefly in my direction, but as soon as our eyes met, she blushed again and then quickly turned her head away, so that the others couldn't see her face. Luckily, nobody seemed to have seen her reaction aside from Melindra, who gave me a look suggesting that she understood what was going on, but who decided not to comment on the situation for the time being.


[22] "Thanks for agreeing to spend the night shift with me, Barry!" Leila writes.

"You're... welcome," I say, in an uncertain voice, as Leila now turns away and begins heading towards our friends again, and I move to follow her.

Neither of us says anything else until we reach the room in which the others were sleeping, and once we get there, we see that everyone was more or less already awake and that they were waiting for us to return, so that we could leave together.

As soon as they notice us, our friends grab their backpacks and they walk out the door, so that we can all assemble in front of our room. 


[23] "Have you ever tried making a business out of selling dwarven ale to people from other continents than the northern one?" Daren asks. "I bet it would sell like hotcakes. Actually, why haven't any of the dwarves thought about doing something like this? During all of my travels, I think I've only seen maybe one or two places selling dwarven ale, but not more than that. You would think that a drink as well-known as this would be one of the first things they'd try to export out of their homeland."

"Well, you see," Hadrik says, "the problem is that most dwarves don't really like to stay away from home for long. They enjoy visiting other continents for short periods of time, but they wouldn't want to make a living selling alcohol there. And the merchants from your continents rarely come visit us, so it's not like we could just sell them the bottles so they'd deliver them to the rest of the world. Practically, the only way in which your people ever get to taste dwarven ale is when a dwarf visits one of your countries and shares his bottles with people from local taverns. That's how this particular type of ale has gotten so widely-known in your regions despite how hard it is to actually get it."


[24] "Would you like us to retrieve his corpse and give him a proper burial?" Daren asks.

"No..." Hadrik says. "As much as I dislike the way in which he died, that still doesn't change the fact that I don't owe the guy anything, and I'm not about to do him any favors even after his death. He made his own choices that led him there, and he has paid the price. That's all there is to it."

After he stops talking, Hadrik takes a long drink from his bottle and then he puts it down on the ground beside him.

"Anyway, this discussion has gotten kind of grim, so you know..." Hadrik says. "Now is your chance to cheer me up. Go on, give it your best shot!"


[25] During this time, Hadrik tried on multiple occasions to get us to join him in his drinking marathon, but fortunately we managed to hold our ground, and in the end Daren and I each drank less than a bottle of dwarven ale, which was already enough to get us reasonably drunk. As we returned to our room, we awoke Leila and Kate so that they could start their own night shift, and then we went to bed.

When I woke up several hours later, I was glad to see that I wasn't having a hangover, which meant that I didn't go overboard with the alcohol last night after all. Most of the others had apparently already gotten out of bed and were ready to leave, so I decided to get up as well and to begin preparing for the long day ahead of us. Soon after I was done with my preparations, Kate and Leila returned from their night shift, and we all assembled in front of our room, so that we could leave together.

