
[1] 

[2] "We were wondering if you've already decided on who is going to be the next king of Ollendor," Daren says.

"We... haven't reached a definitive conclusion just yet," the king of the underground says, as he and Albert exchange a short glance, "but the most likely scenario is that we will be electing a ruling council as soon as the situation in Ollendor will become stable."

"Once the situation becomes stable..." Daren repeats after the king. "And what about before that? What is going to happen immediately after the Overseer is no longer a threat?"


[3] "Not at all," the king says. "In fact, it would only make my life easier if he were to be the one to compete against me, because in my opinion, his chances of getting more votes than me are exceedingly slim. If Breynan wishes to announce his candidacy for the throne, then I welcome him to do it. I'm sure that our men would enjoy hearing the two of us holding a debate. Now then, would your group like to make any other suggestions aside from Breynan, or do you all agree with your friend's proposal?"

"I would like to nominate doctor Reidzek as a candidate," Daren says, as Leila's father turns his head towards him with a shocked look on his face.

"An excellent choice!" the king of the underground tells Daren, after taking a quick glance towards Leila's father, to observe his reaction. "Doctor Reidzek has become a much respected member of our society in the short time that he's graced us with his presence, so I have no doubts that he would gather many votes, were he to agree to participate in our election. What do you say, doctor? Should I put your name on the candidate lists?"

"I'm... afraid that I won't be entering the election," Leila's father says. "I'm sorry, Daren, but becoming king would be too great a responsibility for a simple inventor like me. I joined this rebellion because I wanted to help change this city for the better, but the idea of leading an entire kingdom is just too much for me to bear. I hope I didn't end up disappointing any of you by saying this."

"Umm, no... of course not!" Daren says. "It's your choice whether you want to be king or not. I was only making a suggestion, that's all..."


[4] "I would like to nominate doctor Reidzek as a candidate," Daren says, as Leila's father turns his head towards him with a shocked look on his face.

"An excellent choice!" the king of the underground tells Daren, after taking a quick glance towards Leila's father, to observe his reaction. "Doctor Reidzek has become a much respected member of our society in the short time that he's graced us with his presence, so I have no doubts that he would gather many votes, were he to agree to participate in our election. What do you say, doctor? Should I put your name on the candidate lists?"

"I'm... afraid that I won't be entering the election," Leila's father says. "I'm sorry, Daren, but becoming king would be too great a responsibility for a simple inventor like me. I joined this rebellion because I wanted to help change this city for the better, but the idea of leading an entire kingdom is just too much for me to bear. I hope I didn't end up disappointing any of you by saying this."

"Umm, no... of course not!" Daren says. "It's your choice whether you want to be king or not. I was only making a suggestion, that's all..."


[5] "I would like to nominate doctor Reidzek as a candidate," Daren says, as Leila's father turns his head towards him with a shocked look on his face.

"Another excellent choice!" the king of the underground tells Daren, after taking a quick glance towards Leila's father, to observe his reaction. "Doctor Reidzek has become a much respected member of our society in the short time that he's graced us with his presence, so I have no doubts that he would gather many votes, were he to agree to participate in our election. What do you say, doctor? Should I put your name on the candidate lists?"

"I'm... afraid that I won't be entering the election," Leila's father says. "I'm sorry, Daren, but becoming king would be too great a responsibility for a simple inventor like me. I joined this rebellion because I wanted to help change this city for the better, but the idea of leading an entire kingdom is just too much for me to bear. I hope I didn't end up disappointing any of you by saying this."

"Umm, no... of course not!" Daren says. "It's your choice whether you want to be king or not. I was only making a suggestion, that's all..."


[6] "I... thank you both for the trust you've put in me," Kelrim says, as he looks at the two of us in turn, "but you have to understand... a goblin as a king for a city that is comprised of mostly humans would be something completely unprecedented. I am already immensely grateful to the citizens of Ollendor for being accepting enough of the monster races to let us live inside their city, but to even think of becoming their ruler feels like I would be taking too much advantage of their generosity. And besides, I can't think of anyone other than the two of you who would even consider giving me their support in this matter. I'm really sorry, but even if you propose me as a candidate, I'm going to have to refuse to enter the election."

"Well..." Daren says. "If that's how you feel about it then I suppose there's nothing we can do. But for the record, I really think that you might be underestimating both yourself and the support that the people in this underground society might be willing to give you."

"I understand that you both mean well," the king of the underground tells me and Daren, "but I believe that Kelrim made the right decision. The kingdom will be in enough turmoil as it is over the death of the previous king, and I don't think it would be wise to fan the flames even more by coming forth with such an unusual proposition for the new king. Now then, would any of you like to make any other suggestions?"


[7] "I... thank you both for the trust you've put in me," Kelrim says, as he looks at the two of us in turn, "but you have to understand... a goblin as a king for a city that is comprised of mostly humans would be something completely unprecedented. I am already immensely grateful to the citizens of Ollendor for being accepting enough of the monster races to let us live inside their city, but to even think of becoming their ruler feels like I would be taking too much advantage of their generosity. And besides, I can't think of anyone other than the two of you who would even consider giving me their support in this matter. I'm really sorry, but--"

"I would give you my support!" we hear a man speaking loudly, as he is now exiting the quarantine area and closing the door behind him.

The man is wearing tattered clothes, and he looks like he is barely standing up, but his imposing physique and the unrelenting expression in his eyes give him a sort of dignified look even in the state that he is in. 

"Brother, what are you doing out here?" Desmond says all of a sudden, looking very worried. "You're still recovering. You should be in bed!"

"Nonsense!" the man who came out of the quarantine area says, as he is now slowly limping towards us. "As you can well see, I am fit as a fiddle!"

"That's Desmond's brother?" I ask Daren in a low voice. "How is he already able to walk? I thought he was on the verge of death only yesterday."


[8] "It's not easy to find the exact right person for a job like this, is it?" the king of the underground tells Daren. "Sadly, it is a rare occurrence to come across a person that has not only the strength of character and the leadership skills required for being a king, but also the willingness to accept such a huge responsibility. Rest assured, we will be holding fair elections, and your friend's suggestion will be included on the candidate list as well, as long as the person in question agrees, of course."

The king then looks at Albert, waiting for an answer.

"Uh, yes..." Albert says, looking somewhat confused. "If it is your wish, then I will participate, my king."

"Splendid!" the king of the underground says. "Now that we've got that settled, shall we move on to the topic I initially wanted to discuss with you, or was there perhaps something else you wanted to ask of me?"

"There was in fact something else," Kate says. "What I want to know most of all is what you are planning to do about the prisoners in the seredium towers after defeating the Overseer."

"Naturally, we will free them!" the king of the underground says. "We will first need to do something about the guards stationed in front of the towers, obviously, but as soon as--"


[9] "It's not easy to find the exact right person for a job like this, is it?" the king of the underground tells Daren. "Sadly, it is a rare occurrence to come across a person that has not only the strength of character and the leadership skills required for being a king, but also the willingness to accept such a huge responsibility. Rest assured, we will be holding fair elections, and your friend's suggestion will be included on the candidate list as well, as long as the person in question agrees, of course."

The king then looks at Peter, waiting for an answer.

"Certainly..." Peter says, looking rather surprised that the king of the underground is actually asking for his opinion. "If you really think the people could vote for me, then I will not shy away from an important role such as this."

"Splendid!" the king of the underground says. "Now that we've got that settled, shall we move on to the topic I initially wanted to discuss with you, or was there perhaps something else you wanted to ask of me?"

"There was in fact something else," Kate says. "What I want to know most of all is what you are planning to do about the prisoners in the seredium towers after defeating the Overseer."

"Naturally, we will free them!" the king of the underground says. "We will first need to do something about the guards stationed in front of the towers, obviously, but as soon as--"


[10] "It's not easy to find the exact right person for a job like this, is it?" the king of the underground tells Daren. "Sadly, it is a rare occurrence to come across a person that has not only the strength of character and the leadership skills required for being a king, but also the willingness to accept such a huge responsibility. Rest assured, we will be holding fair elections, and as per your friend's request, Breynan will be included on the candidate list as well, as long as he agrees to participate, of course. Now then, shall we move on to the topic that I initially wanted to discuss with you, or was there perhaps something else you wanted to ask of me?"

"There was in fact something else," Kate says. "What I want to know most of all is what you are planning to do about the prisoners in the seredium towers after defeating the Overseer."

"Naturally, we will free them!" the king of the underground says. "We will first need to do something about the guards stationed in front of the towers, obviously, but as soon as--"


[11] "It's not easy to find the exact right person for a job like this, is it?" the king of the underground tells Daren. "Sadly, it is a rare occurrence to come across a person that has not only the strength of character and the leadership skills required for being a king, but also the willingness to accept such a huge responsibility. Rest assured, we will be holding fair elections, and we will also be asking around the caverns, to see if our underground denizens would have some better ideas of who we could include on the candidate list. Now then, shall we move on to the topic that I initially wanted to discuss with you, or was there perhaps something else you wanted to ask of me?"

"There was in fact something else," Kate says. "What I want to know most of all is what you are planning to do about the prisoners in the seredium towers after defeating the Overseer."

"Naturally, we will free them!" the king of the underground says. "We will first need to do something about the guards stationed in front of the towers, obviously, but as soon as--"


[12] "Those 'few extra prisoners' have been living in hell for who knows how many months," Kate says, angrily. "Don't you dare compare their situation to some lazy good-for-nothings that couldn't even be bothered to walk a few more hours to work so that they could feed their own families!"

"I can clearly see that this situation is affecting you on a personal level," the king of the underground says, after seeing the fury in Kate's eyes. "And I will admit that I may have overly-simplified the precarious situation in which these prisoners are currently finding themselves... However, I also think that your personal bias is causing you to make some unfair comparisons of your own. Maybe the example I used wasn't the most inspired one, but surely you could see how the sudden malfunction of the primary means of transportation in a city could cause its infrastructure to collapse in on itself, wouldn't you? There are even people who make a living by transporting goods from one end of the city to the other by using their metal vehicles, for gods' sakes... Could you even imagine how the people of Ollendor would react if every device in the city would stop working and thousands of people would suddenly be out of their jobs as soon as a new king were to take the throne? There would be riots of such magnitude that it could start a whole civil war!"


[13] "Well, I'm going to be honest with you," Horace says. "At first I wasn't planning to interfere, just like I haven't interfered with any of the other decisions that you've taken in the many years since we've been working together. We all know that you've done your fair share of shady stuff in the past, but most of it has been in the interest of our people, so I wouldn't really have minded too much even if you were going to run a sham of an election and declare yourself as king of the whole city. However... when I heard Kelrim talking earlier about how nobody would be on his side if he were to run for king... I don't know how to tell you this, but I was simply overcome with an emotion strong enough that it got the better of me, and so here I am!"

"Once again, you are letting your feelings cloud your judgment," the king of the underground says. "Have you stopped to consider what it would mean to propose a goblin as the new king to the people of Ollendor right after they find out that the old king was murdered? They're going to think that we sold them to the monsters! It won't matter if he has good intentions or not. They're going to want his head on a pike the minute after we announce our support for him."

"Horace, I really appreciate the fact that you are taking my side, but I can't do this," Kelrim says. "I am only a healer. I am neither a diplomat nor a skilled warrior. I have no leadership skills. I wouldn't even know where to begin."


[14] "Kelrim as king?" the second guy says. "That's the best idea I've heard all day!"

Once a few more people start to talk about it loudly, the news seems to be spreading like wildfire. Several people are already crowding up around us, for a chance to squeeze Kelrim's hand. Some of them are former victims of the plague, others are family members of the victims, while others are simply people that were helped by him since he came to the underground tunnels. As the whole area around us is getting filled with men and women of all ages, coming to express their support for the goblin healer, more and more people are getting curious to find out what the commotion is about.

"Kelrim?..." I hear a man in the distance, who appears to be one of the refugees. "Is that the little guy who's been running around healing everyone until he almost fainted from exhaustion after the royal guards blew up the ceiling? He's running for king? I guess I know who has my vote, then!"

"What about the other guy?" another refugee says. "What was his name again? King of the underground or something? Isn't he still in the running too?"


[15] "I guess that settles it, then!" Horace says. "Come on, Kelrim, let's leave these fine gentlemen to finish their discussion in peace. Also, there are a few things that I would like to discuss with you in private, but I'd rather not stand up for too long. My legs are killing me. Let's go inside the quarantine area. Move aside, folks! You'll have plenty more time to show your support to Kelrim before the election. Make way, make way!"

As Horace and Kelrim are moving towards the quarantine area, the crowd is slowly dispersing, leaving behind only our group, along with the king of the underground, Albert and Peter.

"Well, then..." the king of the underground says, as he turns towards us. "I believe you should now have your answer as to who will be the candidates for the throne. Shall we finally move on to the more pressing topic of the Overseer, and what we are planning to do about him?"


[16] "Then let us get right to it," the king of the underground says. "First of all, I'd like to get you all up to speed with a few recent developments that have happened on the surface since you've returned from your trip to the seredium tower. According to our scouts, the Overseer has been very busy these past few hours. One of the first things he did after the king's death was apparently to begin assassinating every single high-ranked person in the city who knew about the existence of his core. Daren, I think you should already be familiar with what the Overseer's core is from Peter. Have you told your friends about it yet?"


[17] "Very well," the king says. "We will give you the exact details of this mission later, once we'll know for sure who we can count on to fight alongside us. My hope is that the Overseer is not aware of my knowledge about his core's whereabouts, because otherwise we will likely encounter heavy resistance on our way to our target. If he does know, however, there is not much we can do other than to power through his defenses and hope for the best, because we will already be bringing our best men on this mission, so it will be all or nothing. One more thing to note is that the Overseer is for some reason still maintaining the city-wide lockdown from before, so we should expect to be attacked by his flying metal balls as soon as we reach the surface, even if we don't take any hostile action towards them."

"Understood," Daren says. 


[18] "So, did anyone else find it surprising that the king of the underground was so quick to accept Peter as a nomination?" Hadrik says. "I thought he'd be more... you know... hostile about it?"

"He probably thinks that even if Peter becomes king, he'll be able to manipulate him easily into doing what he wants," Kate says. "We've already seen how meek Peter can get when the king of the underground raises his voice at him a little. Maybe he'll become surer of himself if his people were to show that they'd prefer him as their ruler over the king of the underground in the upcoming election, but I wouldn't get my hopes up."

"Yeah, okay, maybe Peter can be a bit of a pushover," Hadrik says, "but the recording that we heard earlier made it seem like the king of the underground wouldn't even consider any other option than himself, and that he would be willing to straight up kill us if we were to suggest anything different. You'd have thought that he'd at least try to make an argument that he'd be the better pick, or something. I don't know... This seems a little fishy to me. Do you think the recording might have been fake after all? Maybe we should ask the king of the underground about it. And then Melindra, Arraka or Leila could read his aura to see if he's lying!"


[19] "So, did anyone else find it surprising that the king of the underground didn't really pose much resistance to Barry nominating Albert as a king candidate?" Hadrik says. "I thought he'd be more... you know... hostile about it?"

"Why would he be?" Kate says. "Albert becoming king is probably one of the best outcomes he could wish for. He is the most loyal follower he has, so he'll probably just keep listening to his master's orders even if he somehow ends up winning the upcoming election. In the grand scheme of things, I doubt that it would make much of a difference for the king of the underground if Albert were to become king instead of him."

"Yeah, okay, maybe Albert is really loyal," Hadrik says, "but the recording that we heard earlier made it seem like the king of the underground wouldn't even consider any other option than himself, and that he would be willing to straight up kill us if we were to suggest anything different. You'd have thought that he'd at least try to make an argument that he'd be the better pick, or something. I don't know... This seems a little fishy to me. Do you think the recording might have been fake after all? Maybe we should ask the king of the underground about it. And then Melindra, Arraka or Leila could read his aura to see if he's lying!"


[20] "So, did anyone else find it surprising that the king of the underground didn't really pose much resistance to Barry nominating Breynan as a king candidate?" Hadrik says. "I thought he'd be more... you know... hostile about it?"

"The king of the underground obviously doesn't see Breynan as a real threat," Kate says. "Considering the low amount of votes that he expects him to get, I doubt he'll even bother to rig the elections. He might even be happy if Breynan were to join the fray, because competing with an actual rebel leader and winning would bring more legitimacy to his victory." 

"Okay, maybe Breynan's chances of success are really low," Hadrik says, "but the recording that we heard earlier made it seem like the king of the underground wouldn't even consider any other option than himself, and that he would be willing to straight up kill us if we were to suggest anything different. You'd have thought that he'd at least try to make an argument that he'd be the better pick, or something. I don't know... This seems a little fishy to me. Do you think the recording might have been fake after all? Maybe we should ask the king of the underground about it. And then Melindra, Arraka or Leila could read his aura to see if he's lying!"


[21] "So, did anyone else find it surprising that the king of the underground didn't really pose much resistance to Daren nominating Leila's father as a king candidate?" Hadrik says. "I thought he'd be more... you know... hostile about it?"

"It's clear that he was expecting doctor Reidzek to refuse the offer from the very beginning," Kate says. "He would not have been so enthusiastic about Daren's suggestion otherwise."

"Yeah, but even so," Hadrik says, "the recording that we heard earlier made it seem like the king of the underground wouldn't even consider any other option than himself, and that he would be willing to straight up kill us if we were to suggest anything different. You'd have thought that he'd at least try to make an argument that he'd be the better pick, before letting Daren give his suggestions. I don't know... This seems a little fishy to me. Do you think the recording might have been fake after all? Maybe we should ask the king of the underground about it. And then Melindra, Arraka or Leila could read his aura to see if he's lying!"


[22] "So, does anyone else think that the king of the underground accepted his earlier defeat a little too easily?" Hadrik says. "I was kind of expecting him to try a little harder to keep Kelrim from participating in the election."

"He couldn't oppose him openly because that would have made it seem like he was trying to manipulate the outcome of the election," Kate says. "You can be certain that the king of the underground is not going to take this lying down. He will likely do everything in his power to stop Kelrim from being crowned as king, including assassinating him and the rest of us if he has to. We all heard what he said to Albert in that recording. This man is the type who doesn't let anyone stand between him and his goals."

"It's true that the king looked dissatisfied with the idea that a goblin could become the ruler of the city," Leila's father says, "but would he really kill so many of his allies just to avoid such an outcome? I think that might be going too far even for someone like him."


[23] "In that case, I will be resuming my training lessons with Kate," Melindra says. "Flower, could you come with us too? There are some things that I feel like I can't explain well enough to Kate, and I thought that you might be able to find a more intuitive way to help her learn."

"Sure thing!" Flower says. "Which way are we going?"

"There was an empty tunnel that we were using to train right before the royal guards' attack," Melindra says. "If they already repaired it, we'll go there. Otherwise, we'll look for someplace else."

"Roger that," Flower says. "Let's go!"

"I think I'll go take a little stroll through the caves," I say, as Kate, Flower and Melindra are taking their leave. "Maybe with a little luck I'll overhear some really important conversation that could be of use to us!"


[24] While I went around from one place to the other, I also took the opportunity to check up on my friends to see what they were doing whenever I was in the area. Kate and Arraka were in the middle of an argument when I found them. Seemingly, they were having a discussion about the origins of the various races in the world, and Kate was of the opinion that the reason why there are the exact same races on both the magical plane and the earthen plane is because both of these planes of existence originated from the primordial plane.

Arraka disagreed with this hypothesis, saying that there was no solid proof to support her theory, and that even if these races were to have originated from the primordial plane, it would still not explain why the Magium has a system in place for creating new spirits in the magical plane with the exact same races as before.

Apparently, Arraka's theory is that the splitting of the primordial plane was an accident of some sort, and that the Magium is currently trying to patch it up like some sinking ship by artificially regulating the number of spirits on the magical plane and by using time weavers' prophecies on the earthen plane to try and avoid cataclysmic events that would cause too many people to die simultaneously. 


[25] Seeing that there was no compromise to be had on that front, we were forced to give up on that particular demand for now, although we'd almost certainly bring it up again after the king of the underground and his forces had been dealt with.

After we were done giving the Overseer our demands, we all agreed to our newly-formed pact, and then we asked him nicely to no longer spy on us through the crystals so that we could go to sleep.

"So, does anyone feel like volunteering for a night shift?" Daren asks us, once we are all done making our beds.


[26] When we were finally done, Breynan went back to his own room, far away from us, and we also asked the Overseer nicely to no longer spy on us through the crystals so that we could go to sleep.

"So, does anyone feel like volunteering for a night shift?" Daren asks us, once we are all done making our beds.


[27] "So, does anyone feel like volunteering for a night shift?" Daren asks us, once we are all done making our beds.


[28] As Daren and Hadrik walk out the door, the rest of us go to bed, and I manage to sleep for about five hours or so before Daren comes to wake me up, so that Leila and I can take the second night shift. Once we find the corridor that Daren and Hadrik used before us, we sit down on the floor with our backs against a wall, and as we begin to talk, a few hours pass us by without even realizing it.

Just like the last time when Leila and I sat down like this to talk, I continue to be amazed at how effortlessly we can jump from topic to topic without ever seeming like we're going to run out of subjects to discuss. In only a few hours, we've already spoken about magical theories, about creatures and plants that are native only to Varathia, and even about obscure details regarding her father's techniques for making devices. However, despite the tedious nature of some of these subjects, for some reason I have not even once felt bored throughout this entire conversation. It really does feels like I could talk to her about anything.


[29] Just like the last time when Leila and I sat down like this to talk, I continue to be amazed at how effortlessly we can jump from topic to topic without ever seeming like we're going to run out of subjects to discuss. In only a few hours, we've already spoken about magical theories, about creatures and plants that are native only to Varathia, and even about obscure details regarding her father's techniques for making devices. However, despite the tedious nature of some of these subjects, for some reason I have not even once felt bored throughout this entire conversation. It really does feels like I could talk to her about anything.

"You know, I've always wondered about something..." I tell Leila, as she is sitting beside me, with her legs tucked up in front of her. "How is it that you can be so talkative whenever you are alone with me or Kate, but when we are in a group you barely write a word? Are you just not all that comfortable around the others, or is it a problem that you have with groups in general?" 


[30] "Well," I say, "I'm not sure how much this helps, but at the very least now you can rest assured that there is one person in the world who can imagine you with a voice."

"...What do you mean?" Leila writes, confused.

"The voice from the ethereal plane, remember?" I tell Leila. "The one that was translating your thoughts to me while we were both being sent around the room flying by the Magium. Ever since that moment, I've been subconsciously reading all of your texts with that voice in my head, even if I know that it isn't your real voic--hey, is something wrong? Your face is all red!"

"I had... almost forgotten that you got to hear the voice from my head while we were in there..." Leila writes, as her text is getting blurry and shaky, likely due to being embarrassed.


[31] "Hmm..." I say, as I begin to slowly stroke my chin with my right hand without realizing. "Now that you mention it... how did I get this voice in my head? I remember that when I was a kid I used to think with my child voice, but then when my speaking voice changed gradually over time as I grew up, did the voice in my head change at the same pace, or did it lag behind? Did I ever make a conscious effort to update my thinking voice, or did it happen naturally? And why did I never think about this until now?"

While I am still busy trying to solve this most intriguing conundrum, Leila suddenly begins to giggle uncontrollably, in her usual silent fashion.

"...Did I say something wrong?" I ask her, confused.


[32] "I was really scared, you know... when it all happened..." Leila writes, deciding to be the first one to break the ice after a long silent pause. "I might not have let it show on my face, but I clearly remember that at the time I was overcome with a fear of the likes that I had never experienced before in my life."

"Yeah..." I say. "I was scared too... Even with my defective survival instincts, the fear of being trapped in that endless void again forever managed to get the better of me."


[33] "My apologies," Leila writes, with a smile. "I almost ended up endangering all of our lives for the sake of mere curiosity. I should have known better!"

"You are forgiven, as long as you make sure that you will never bring up this subject in the presence of any of our friends," I say. "I'm saying this in order to protect them, of course, and absolutely not because I would die of embarrassment if they ever found out about this discussion!"

"No need to worry," Leila writes. "Your secret is safe with me!"  

As we are finishing our conversation, we can hear the voices of a few of our friends, coming from within the room in which they were sleeping.

"We should probably go," Leila writes, as she sees me looking towards the sleeping quarters. "I think they might all be awake by now."

"You're right," I say. "We should not keep them waiting. We have a long day ahead of us..."


[34] "If I were to find a way to send you such an invitation..." Leila continues, as she seems to be getting increasingly more nervous with every word she writes. "Would you-- would you consider taking me back with you to the Western Continent so that I could join you on some of your adventures that you've told me so much about?"

"Of course!" I tell her. "I mean, my odd-job adventures are probably going to be a little dull for someone like Hadrik or Daren, but I'm sure they won't mind if I'll tell them that you wanted to--"

"Actually--" Leila writes in large, shaky letters in front of me, as her face is getting all red again.

"Actually," she writes again, this time in smaller letters, "I wasn't talking about going together as a group. I was hoping that maybe it could be... just the two of us?..."

After seeing the flustered look on her face when she said those last words, I finally understood what she meant. Then again, once she spelled it out like this, I suppose it would have taken a special kind of dunce to remain oblivious to the true intent behind her question.


[35] "Umm... okay," I say.

As Leila prepares to leave, she suddenly stops in her tracks and she stands there for a few seconds, probably realizing that if she were to simply leave like that, she would be giving me the wrong impression that she regrets giving me that kiss. 

Despite the blush not yet being fully gone from her cheeks, Leila manages to gather up her courage in order to turn and face me, and this time she is looking me directly in the eye, with a heartfelt smile on her face.

"Thank you, Barry, for agreeing to take the night shift with me!" Leila writes. "I really enjoyed our time together. I hope we'll be able to do this again soon!"

"I hope so too," I tell Leila. "And I also enjoyed our time together. You can go ahead if you want. I'll be right behind you!"


[36] "I... really enjoyed our night shift together," I tell her, as we are still moving forward. "Maybe... we can do it again some time."

When I'm done talking, Leila stops in her tracks all of a sudden, and so I decide to do the same, waiting to see if there's a text coming from her.

"I enjoyed it too," Leila writes, a few moments later, as she turns to face me.

When I finally see the look on her face, I notice that she is trying to smile the way she usually does, but there is a tint of sadness in her eyes that she can't seem to hide despite all her efforts.


[37] "I'm not joking, though," Daren says. "I'm not doing a drinking marathon before a big battle. You know it's not happening."

"Don't worry, I'm sure you'll warm up to the idea after the first few drinks," Hadrik says. "Let's go. I have all the bottles we need here in my backpack!"

After Kate and Leila offer to take the second night shift, Hadrik, Daren and I walk out of the room to find a good spot without any crystals in the walls or ceiling, while the others go to sleep. Once we find a place that is far enough to not bother the others with our talking but close enough to see the entrance of the room where they're sleeping, the three of us seat ourselves on the floor in a way that we can all see each other's faces when we talk, and Hadrik begins to take out the dwarven ale bottles from his backpack.

"Good gods, man," Daren says, after Hadrik takes out the sixth bottle. "Just how many of these bottles do you have in that backpack of yours?"


[38] "Cheers!" we all say, as we clink our bottles and then drink from them.

"You know, if you really want to cheer me up, you're gonna need to take longer sips than that," Hadrik says, with a grin. "Your bottles look like you never even touched them."

"Yes, but we also get drunk much easier than you, since you're a giant, and you've also had plenty of time to build up tolerance to this type of alcohol," I tell Hadrik. "You've been drinking dwarven ale for what... fifty years now?"

"Honestly, I've lost count," Hadrik says. "But yeah, I started drinking more heavily since I moved to the dwarven lands, and it's been a while since then. Still, even after all these years, I can't say that my tolerance compares to that of most dwarves I've met in the taverns I frequent. It's like those little guys have livers made of elven steel. It's no wonder that they needed to invent a type of alcohol as strong as dwarven ale. Everything else would probably taste like water to them!"


[39] "Weren't you two friends before you had your falling out, during the war?" I say. "Maybe that's the reason why you haven't gotten used to the idea of his death, yet."

"I don't think there was ever a period in my life where I could have called Gontrok a friend," Hadrik says. "At most I could have called him a comrade-in-arms, back when we were fighting on the same side. But the way that he died... from what you've told me, there were few ways in which he could have had a less honorable death. I wouldn't wish something like this even for my most hated enemies. Hell, even his corpse is just rotting somewhere in an underground cavern, with his head blown off and a hand which was mutilated so hard that the very nature of its existence was changed retroactively. I doubt anyone who knew him would recognize him if they saw his headless body right now."


[40] During this time, Hadrik tried on multiple occasions to get us to join him in his drinking marathon, but fortunately we managed to hold our ground, and in the end Daren and I each drank less than a bottle of dwarven ale, which was already enough to get us reasonably drunk. As we returned to our room, we awoke Leila and Kate so that they could start their own night shift, and then we went to bed.

When I woke up several hours later, I was glad to see that I wasn't having a hangover, which meant that I didn't go overboard with the alcohol last night after all. Most of the others had apparently already gotten out of bed and were ready to leave, so I decided to get up as well and to begin preparing for the long day ahead of us. Soon after I was done with my preparations, Kate and Leila returned from their night shift, and we all assembled in front of our room, so that we could leave together.


[41] "You are saying this, but in reality you're getting along much better with her now than you did before, wouldn't you say?" Hadrik says, while grinning. "You might be having constant arguments now, but in the beginning, the two of you would barely exchange a few words, aside from the occasional insult."

"...I won't deny that she's become easier to talk to, since the God of Time trials," Daren says. "She's acting a lot more like a legitimate member of the group nowadays, and it shows. When I first met her, I didn't think she'd be capable of anything other than cracking jokes at our expense and planning indiscriminate murder sprees. Now she's pretty much acting like the team's coach and coordinator, and she's taking her role seriously too. I guess that this whole plan with killing the God of Time must be really important to her if she was willing to change so much in such a short time just for the sake of making it all work."


[42] "Nah," I say. "What this shows is that she's giving you preferential treatment. Perhaps your relationship with her is progressing without you even realizing it."

"Hah!" Hadrik says. "Who knows? Maybe I should get the wedding rings ready after all!"

For the next few hours, Daren, Hadrik and I continued to talk about various topics that came to our minds in the spur of the moment.


[43] Once everyone is done talking, we all head for the king of the underground's briefing, while Daren's words are probably still lingering in the back of everyone's minds. I suppose there really is no way to know anything for certain until it's all over. Even with the most careful of preparations and the best of intentions, there is still the possibility that we might have simply overlooked something. However, if there is one thing that we can be certain of, it is this:

No matter the outcome, today's battle will decide Ollendor's fate, once and for all.


[44] 