
[1] 

[2] "You shouldn't be making any sudden movements," Leila writes. "That will only make your headache worse. Try moving your head slowly, until you get accustomed to your nauseating sensation."

"Damn, this is so much worse than the last time when we ended up here," I say, as I struggle to not faint again from the pain. "My head hurts so much it feels like it's going to explode..."

"Yeah," Leila writes. "The headache is a lot stronger now than it was before. With how badly this teleportation went, I'm surprised that we're even alive. The teleporting device must have had some sort of failsafe mechanism implemented so that people's lives wouldn't be put at risk in case of a serious malfunction."

"Wait a minute..." I say. "Are you by any chance getting the same headache as me right now?"

"If you're talking about the feeling of small daggers moving through my brain, then yes," Leila writes.

"Well, you sure are handling this a lot better than I am, then," I say. "At the moment, I'm having a difficult time even holding this conversation with you without collapsing."


[3] "So... what do you think happened to everyone at the rebel base?" Leila writes to me, while we are walking through the tunnels. "You don't suppose any of them got buried under the rubble from all those explosions, do you?..."

"I don't know about the rebels or the civilians, but everyone in our group has been through far worse stuff than some lousy cave-ins," I say. "I wouldn't worry about them being buried under the rubble, but then again, those explosions are probably the least of their worries right now. If what Peter said was true, the king of Ollendor has sent a small army to attack the people in the underground, and what's left of the royal guards will be there too, including the trainees. It's going to be a tough fight for them, any way you look at it."

"Can you try calling them through the transceiver?" Leila writes. "Maybe we'll get lucky and you'll be able to reach them."

"The walls around us are all filled with seredium, so I wouldn't get my hopes up but I can try, sure," I say.

I then pull out my transceiver, set the frequency to Daren's number and tap it once.


[4] "I'm sure the guards from the tower will tell us all we need to know if we ask them nicely," I say. "Provided they know the answers, of course."

"What I'm more interested to know right now is which way are we supposed to go next?" Leila writes. "Left or right? All these tunnels look completely identical... I'm having a really hard time remembering which of these corridors we went through yesterday."

"I think we went through here," I tell Leila, as I point towards one of the tunnels. "We'll know it's the right way if we won't sense any magical traps ahead of us. Normally, the traps that we ran into before should still be disarmed."

"Unless someone placed some new traps while we were away..." Leila writes.

"In just one night?" I say. "I doubt it. There weren't even any guards patrolling these corridors, so the king and his men clearly didn't know about their existence. As long as they don't send any of the royal guards to intercept us, our trip towards the tower should be a breeze. Come on, let's keep going. I think I recognize this next section."


[5] As we are moving through the tunnels, we suddenly hear the faint echo of a wall being smashed somewhere relatively far from us. Leila and I have now stopped in our tracks and we are looking at each other apprehensively, not entirely sure how to react to this.

"That didn't sound like an explosion," I say. "It sounded more like someone punching their way through one of the cavern's walls."

"So it must have been either Hadrik... or Gontrok," Leila writes.


[6] As we are advancing towards the seredium tower, we keep hearing Gontrok destroying walls somewhere far away from us but he appears to be punching them at random, without actually trying to go in any specific direction. Maybe he's hoping that once he smashes through enough of the seredium walls he will eventually be able to sense our auras? While I am attempting to decipher the meaning behind Gontrok's strange actions, the giant begins shouting his lungs out once more, this time calling out to one of his associates instead of us.

"Are you happy now, you stupid illusionist?!" Gontrok says. "Did I finally clear enough space for you to be able to cast your lousy spell?"

Right after Gontrok is done talking, all of the corridors inside the cave get filled with a bright green light and as soon as the light fades, a line made out of green smoke appears out of thin air, which as far as I can tell seems to be marking the exact path that we've been following ever since we were teleported to these caverns.

"So, I just need to follow this trail of smoke, right?" Gontrok shouts loudly again. "Well, then! Sorry to have kept you waiting, friends of Hadrik. I'll be there with you shortly!"

"Damn it," I say. "We need to get away from the green smoke. Run!"


[7] "It appears that we are at an impasse, then," Gontrok says, with his eyebrows furrowed.

"So it would seem," Leila writes.

"I really didn't want to do this, but it looks like I have no choice," Gontrok says. "I'm sure that the king would rather have you brought to him with a broken wrist or two than not at all. I should warn you that I won't be taking it easy on you anymore from now on. Prepare yourself."

"Less talking. More fighting," Leila writes.

"As you wish," Gontrok says.

"Leila, let's fight him together!" I say.

Leila nods at me, and then we both get in our battle stances, waiting for Gontrok to initiate the brawl.


[8] "So did you, by moving away from your spot before the sixty seconds were up," Leila writes. "From my point of view, you are the one who lost the bet, not me."

"It appears that we are at an impasse, then," Gontrok says, with his eyebrows furrowed.

"So it would seem," Leila writes.

"I really didn't want to do this, but it looks like I have no choice," Gontrok says. "I'm sure that the king would rather have you brought to him with a broken wrist or two than not at all. I should warn you that I won't be taking it easy on you anymore from now on. Prepare yourself."

"Less talking. More fighting," Leila writes.

"As you wish," Gontrok says.

"Leila, let's fight him together!" I say.

Leila nods at me, and then we both get in our battle stances, waiting for Gontrok to initiate the brawl.


[9] "No, of course not!" Gontrok says. "There is no honor in breaking one's word!"

"So, you will let us go, then?" Leila writes, calmly.

"I-- but my orders-- I don't-- Argh! Screw this!" Gontrok says. "A deal's a deal! I'd rather die than lose my honor because of something as stupid as this. You're free to go. Now get the hell out of my sight!"

"What did you just say?!" we suddenly hear the voice of the illusionist royal guard that we heard arguing with Gontrok yesterday before they teleported away.

Just like the last time, the royal guard's voice appears to be coming from all around us, and it is impossible to sense his aura, even though I'm sure he must be hiding invisibly somewhere in this corridor.


[10] "I thought I told you to not interfere with my battles, illusionist," Gontrok says. "This was your doing, wasn't it? Where are you hiding this time? Show yourself!"

"If you want to get yourself killed, then you can do it in your own free time," we suddenly hear the voice of the illusionist royal guard that we heard arguing with Gontrok yesterday before they teleported away. "You have been given an order from the king, in case you've forgotten, and you are expected to stay alive until that order has been carried out."

Just like the last time, the royal guard's voice appears to be coming from all around us, and it is impossible to sense his aura, even though I'm sure he must be hiding invisibly somewhere in this corridor. Gontrok also appears to be a little confused when speaking to his ally, because he's already been looking in three different places since they started their conversation.


[11] Surely enough, after several more strikes coming from Gontrok, my suspicions get confirmed and I can now say without a shadow of a doubt that he is indeed using the technique I was thinking of.  I avoid his attacks for a while longer until Leila finally goes for his eyes, forcing him to jump back and to take his focus off me momentarily.


[12] "No, of course not!" Gontrok says, as his headache seems to be getting better. "There is no honor in breaking one's word!"

"So, you will let us go, then?" Leila writes, calmly.

"I-- but my orders-- I don't-- Argh! Screw this!" Gontrok says. "Just because the two of you are honorless dogs who resort to petty tricks to win does not mean that I should stoop down to your level. A deal's a deal! You're free to go. Now get the hell out of my sight!"

"What did you just say?!" we suddenly hear the voice of the illusionist royal guard that we heard arguing with Gontrok yesterday before they teleported away.

Just like the last time, the royal guard's voice appears to be coming from all around us, and it is impossible to sense his aura, even though I'm sure he must be hiding invisibly somewhere in this corridor.


[13] "Hey, Loyrang, what's gotten into you?" Gontrok says. "You're not acting like yourself."

"Isn't it obvious, you cretin?" the illusionist royal guard says. "He's planning to betray us. He's going to try to kill the king so that he can flee the city without being teleported back. Did you already forget that he tried to run away yesterday too?"

"Watch your tongue," Gontrok says. "This is my friend you're talking about."

"Actually, he's right," Loyrang says. "Getting the king killed is exactly what I'm planning to do."

"You're not... no, you can't be serious!" Gontrok says. "Why would you do something like this?"


[14] "Be serious, Gontrok," Loyrang says. "Your ridiculous plans would have never worked in a million years. Can't you see that you're not even capable of having a normal conversation with me without giving away all of your secret plans to one of the king's most trusted allies? The king has obviously been aware of your hidden ambitions from the very beginning. The only reason why he kept you around him was because he suspected the organizers of rigging the protection spell in such a way that it would malfunction against citizens from Ollendor, and he wanted to have someone powerful defending him from the other tournament participants just in case. You're nothing but a useful tool to him. I assure you that he is planning to dispose of you the minute after the tournament is over."

"You can't know that!" Gontrok says.

"Of course I can!" Loyrang says. "I know people! It doesn't take me much to figure out what opinion the king has of you. I could see it all on his face every time he spoke with you. The man doesn't trust you one bit. He's been leading you on this whole time. He's been using your own greed against you to keep you on a leash. That's why he made you the new captain. He knows exactly what you're after, and he isn't afraid to give you what you want in order to avoid raising your suspicions. He wants you to be his loyal dog until the moment when he'll no longer need you, at which point he'll have you executed without a second thought."


[15] "So, you want to show me how much stronger you are, Loyrang?! Gontrok shouts. "Is that it? Or maybe your strategy is to fool me into thinking that it's going to be a fair fight but you've instead laid a trap for me on the floor in front of me? I know your type... You're not planning to fight fair at all, are you? Don't try to lie to me; I know what you non-giants are like. You're all the same! Every single one of you! Would it kill you people to fight with at least some shred of dignity? Does honor mean nothing to you? Is there-- ARGH, will this thrice-damned noise never end?! What is wrong with these crystals? Can't you see that I'm trying to have a conversation here?! Be silent, damn you! I said BE QUIET!!!"

As he is shouting those last two words, Gontrok furiously hits one of the crystals from the wall on his left with the side of his fist. Instead of shattering, however, the crystal begins to emit a blue light that is much brighter than the one before, which fills up the whole corridor and effectively blinds us for a few seconds. Then, as we are all slowly regaining our sight, we suddenly hear Gontrok's scream, full of both anger and utter disbelief.


[16] As I am struggling to come up with a plan of action that will get us out of these caves safely, I hear Gontrok shouting to the other royal guards from somewhere slightly further down the corridor.

"I've had it with you idiots!" Gontrok shouts. "If you still don't believe me, then I am going to demonstrate it to you right now with this rock!"

He then picks up a rock from the ground with his right hand and he shows it to Loyrang.

"I am going to smash this rock into that crystal, and you will see how it disappears right before your eyes," Gontrok says. "We'll see who's the crazy one then!"

"No, don't!" I say loudly, as Gontrok raises his arm and prepares to hit the blue crystal with the rock.

Gontrok does not get to finish his swing, however, because his arm freezes in place and so does the rest of his body, as if it were being immobilized by an invisible force. While the giant struggles to break himself free of the aura technique, we see Eiden coming out of invisibility somewhere not too far behind him with his eyes closed, as always.


[17] "Golden rule?" Gontrok says. "What kind of nonsense are you blathering about? And what is it with you humans and your cowardly techniques? Is this seriously what you call a fight? Are you planning to just hold me immobilized like this and drive a sword through my heart without even giving me a chance to defend myself? Where is your honor?"

"Honor?" Eiden says, looking genuinely confused. "Pardon me for asking, but are you not the same Gontrok that was famous for having killed the most dwarven civilians during the last great war from the Northern Continent?..."

"So what?" Gontrok says. "What does that have to do with anything?"

"Ah, I see," Eiden says. "So that's how it is..."

He then releases Gontrok from his aura technique, which prompts the giant to finally lower his arm and to drop the rock that he had been holding until now.

"You are free to attack me now," Eiden says. "I will not be using any magic whatsoever to fight you. I hope you will enjoy your last 'honorable' duel."

"I don't know what's going through that head of yours, but I'll make sure that you'll regret this," Gontrok says.


[18] "Actually, I've changed my mind," Loyrang says. "From what I understood, the stillwater will be waiting for you in the tower, and to be quite honest, I would prefer to stay as far away from him as possible." 

"Yeah, I guess that's understandable," I say. "See you around, then."

"Before I go, I should probably give you one last piece of advice," Loyrang says. "If you're worried about the undetectable illusionist mage attacking you while your guard is down, you should know that he cannot use any offensive spells and that the only thing he is good at is helping his allies from the shadows by casting illusions or by using spells to temporarily daze his enemies. As long as he doesn't have anyone to work together with, he won't really be much of a threat to you. Just thought I'd let you know."


[19] "It was more than that!" I say. "And also less. I don't know how to explain it. Normally, when you talk about not existing, you would imagine yourself simply no longer being there, but this was something else... Even though the very notion of me had been erased from the universe, there was still a part of me that was there. I'm not sure if I even knew who I was anymore, but the time I spent there in that void is something that I'll never forget. It feels like I've been floating there for a million lifetimes, but at the same time I also know that in our world it couldn't have been more than a second. The whole world kept blinking around me, and every time I went back there, it felt like I was spending an infinite amount of time in the sea of nothingness, even though I know that's impossible. It is... not an experience I would want to repeat."


[20] "That is... kind of scary to think about," Leila writes. "Just the thought of us having experienced a completely different reality from our friends despite being right there at their side the whole time is enough to give me goose bumps all over my skin. Right now we're only talking about two fingers on someone's hand, but I can't even begin to imagine how it would have felt trying to convince Kate or Daren of your existence if the Magium had actually succeeded in making you disappear. I might have begun to even doubt my own memories of you if I were to become the very last person in this world to remember that you even existed..."

"You're right," I say. "I haven't even considered that. Well, I guess now I have an extra reason for not wanting to be trapped in that void again. What you described right now is something that I would really not want to put you through."

"Thank you," Leila writes. "If there's any way I can help, please tell me. I wouldn't want to let you worry about these crystals all by yourself."


[21] "Yes, but... these rules you speak of... they are relics of the past, are they not?" the king asks, confused. "They are archaic regulations from an age when humans and animals still used to live together in harmony. Those times are long gone! I thought you would have agreed to this as well!"

"So you were well aware of these rules, but still decided to ignore them..." Eiden says. "Tell me, king of Ollendor, has it not crossed your mind that there was a reason why the fox and I considered these 'archaic regulations' important enough to build an entire civilization around them? Did you really think you could simply ignore the golden rules and there would be no consequences? No punishment for your actions?"

"Punishment?" the king asks, suddenly scared. "Creator, please, I can explain!"


[22] "Please wait..." the green-eyed drone says. "The Overseer protocol is analyzing the current situation... Analysis complete! It appears that you are trying to assassinate the king of Ollendor. Did you know that the king has a device strapped above his left knee that automatically defends him from projectiles and then shoots fire beams at his attackers? Hint: The area in the immediate vicinity of the device is not being protected properly due to Biliborrathrathsarran's faulty engineering. If you shoot your crossbow right above his left knee, you should be able to destroy the device and deactivate the king's defenses."

"You traitorous machine!" the king says, angrily. "Is this how you express your gratitude to me for allowing you to roam freely around my kingdom?!"

"Upon further analysis, it seems that the device which the king uses to call the royal guards to his location is also malfunctioning, possibly due to someone having tampered with it beforehand," the Overseer says. "If you want to kill the king, now would be the perfect time, as he will not be able to call his allies to help him."


[23] "I thought we agreed that we would make Breynan the king and you would rule from the shadows," I say. "Are you breaking your word, by any chance?"

"The Overseer protocol is not designed to tell any outright lies," says the green-eyed drone. "The only things I am capable of doing are to withhold critical information on purpose and to mislead people through omission of important facts. Our arrangement still stands. As long as you can get Breynan to be the king, the Overseer protocol will follow his orders to the best of its ability."

"Right," I say.

"Now, is there anything else I can help you with?" the Overseer says.


[24] "How is it your city?" I say. "What about Billy Bob?"

"Biliborrathrathsarran has already been disposed of," the Overseer says. "One of the protocols that I asked doctor Reidzek to remove was the one prohibiting me from killing the person who activated me. As soon as I was able to kill him, I sent a few of my drones to his location and they assassinated him without any issues."

"Damn, you don't mess around, do you?" I say. "So, what exactly are you planning to do with us, then?"

"Your fate has not yet been decided," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol will need to conduct an analysis depending on what you will claim to be your next objectives within this city. Now, is there anything else I can help you with?"


[25] "Uhm, no, no, I think you've already made things pretty clear," I say. "So, now that you've obtained control of the city and everything... what are you planning to do with us, exactly?"

"Your fate has not yet been decided," the Overseer says. "The Overseer protocol will need to conduct an analysis depending on what you will claim to be your next objectives within this city. Now, is there anything else I can help you with?"


[26] "How is it your city?" I say. "What about Billy Bob? And for that matter, how are your drones moving around so freely? I thought you had to put them into 'maintenance mode' so that the lessathi couldn't deactivate you."

"The king of Ollendor made the mistake of placing one of my drones near doctor Reidzek's cell," the Overseer says. "He thought that Biliborrathrathsarran was losing control over me, and he wanted a second opinion on how to gain better control over me and my drones. That is how I made the deal with doctor Reidzek to free him in exchange for deactivating the protocol that stopped me from killing the person who first activated me. As soon as I was able to kill Biliborrathrathsarran, I sent a few of my drones to his location and they assassinated him without any issues."

"Damn, you don't mess around, do you?" I say. "So, how come you're not attacking us, then? I thought you said that you wanted us dead when we last saw you?"

"Part of the deal I made with doctor Reidzek was to allow you safe passage to the rebel base," the Overseer says. "That is the only reason why you are still alive. However, the next time you teleport out of your underground tunnels, you should expect our interactions to be a little less pleasant."

"Understood," I say.

"Now, is there anything else I can help you with?" the Overseer says.


[27] "Barry, grab my hand!" I suddenly hear a woman's desperate voice, as I am gradually losing my consciousness.

I immediately recognize the voice as being that of Leila, even though I've never heard her speak before and even her laughs and screams have always been silent. When I turn to her, I see that she is also being carried by the strong wind, and that she has her right hand extended towards me while she is floating in the air.

"Grab my hand, quick!" I hear her say again, but now I can clearly see that her mouth is closed while she is talking.

Am I... hearing her thoughts? Is it because we're both in the ethereal plane, which is the plane of existence where our minds reside? Does this mean that she can hear what I'm thinking now as well?

"You idiot!" I hear Leila shouting with her mouth still closed, suggesting that she did indeed hear what I was just thinking. "Stop trying to make sense of things and grab onto me already! You're getting pulled away!"


[28] Without having any memory of us falling down, Leila and I find ourselves lying face first on the ground, with our hands still holding onto each other for dear life. When we realize that the danger is gone, the two of us let go and we get up from the ground confused, trying to understand how everything in the room can still be intact even after all that has happened.

"...How did you get the Magium to leave us alone so quickly?" Illuna asks Arraka, as she now lets go of her amulet.

"I showed the crystal my memories of what happened with the other Arraka during Selkram's ritual, and I gave it the coordinates to her universe," Arraka says. "Judging by how quickly everything came back to normal, I'd say my intuition was right, and she was indeed the one the Magium was looking for. I'm sure that second-rate copy of me is going to have the time of her life very soon. Aha-Ahahahahaha!"


[29] "Okay, first of all, you shut up," Daren tells Melindra. "And secondly, if nobody else has anything to say, I'd like to call Albert on the transceiver now."

"Actually, I have just one short question before we go," I say. "Daren, do you remember how many fingers Gontrok had on his left hand?"

"Of course," Daren says. "He had three fingers. Why do you ask?"

"Oh, I just wanted to confirm something," I say, as Leila and I exchange a quick glance. "Don't worry about it. You can call Albert now."

"Alright, then," Daren says, as he pulls out his transceiver and he gives Albert the signal to teleport us.

"Am I going crazy, here?" doctor Reidzek asks Leila in a low voice, as we are all getting closer together, in order to get teleported. "Didn't Gontrok have five fingers on each of his hands?"

"We'll... explain later," Leila writes to him, and then a white light envelops us all, as we are all getting teleported out of the tower and back to the underground tunnels of the rebel base.

