
[1] 

[2] Something's not right. I can't lie down for some reason. It feels like my upper body is being held into an upright position by an unknown force that won't let go. Now this force is shaking me violently. It wants me to wake up, but I won't lose to it. My eyes are staying closed.

The force is still shaking me. It just doesn't know when to give up. Can't it see that I'm trying to sleep, here? Talk about being rude. Maybe I should give this mysterious force a piece of my mind. If I tell it off, it might go away and leave me alone. I just need to choose the right words, to make sure that it will stop bothering me for good.


[3] As I am trying to find my words, everything that happened before I fainted suddenly comes back to me.

This was never about me having a hangover. We were teleported here by mistake, and I lost my consciousness due to the headache that I got from the failed teleportation. And Leila's father... he was kidnapped! We can't afford to waste any more time standing here. We need to move!

I get up from the ground and I begin to look around me, trying to figure out which way we need to go to get out of the cave. As I am moving my head, the strong feeling of nausea from before returns to me in full-force, making me lose my balance while simply standing in place. Leila catches me before I fall to the ground and then she goes to my right side, taking my arm and putting it around her neck so that I can hold onto her in case I feel like I'm about to fall again.


[4] This was never about me having a hangover. We were teleported here by mistake, and I lost my consciousness due to the headache that I got from the failed teleportation. And Leila's father... he was kidnapped! She's right, we have no time to lose! We need to find our way out of this cave as quickly as possible.

I get up from the ground and I begin to look around me, trying to figure out which way we need to go. As I am moving my head, the strong feeling of nausea from before returns to me in full-force, making me lose my balance while simply standing in place. Leila catches me before I fall to the ground and then she goes to my right side, taking my arm and putting it around her neck so that I can hold onto her in case I feel like I'm about to fall again.


[5] This was never about me having a hangover. We were teleported here by mistake, and I lost my consciousness due to the headache that I got from the failed teleportation. And Leila's father... he was kidnapped! We can't afford to waste any more time standing here. We need to move!

I get up from the ground and I begin to look around me, trying to figure out which way we need to go to get out of the cave. As I am moving my head, the strong feeling of nausea from before returns to me in full-force, making me lose my balance while simply standing in place. Leila catches me before I fall to the ground and then she goes to my right side, taking my arm and putting it around her neck so that I can hold onto her in case I feel like I'm about to fall again.


[6] Leila now kneels next to me and she begins to lightly massage both my temples with her hands. As she is doing this, I can feel the aura around my head changing its flow and becoming calmer and calmer with each passing moment. Once she is finally done with her technique, the pain in my head gets greatly reduced and even though a strong feeling of nausea still remains, it has become much more bearable.

"That was incredible!" I tell Leila, as she is now getting back up. "It felt almost like you were using magic. Or at least an aura manipulation technique, like the captain of the guards!"

"Even if I can't cast spells," Leila writes, "I'm still pretty good at sensing the flow of auras, so as long as I can find the right pressure points, I can eventually figure out what I need to do."

She then offers me her hand, and she helps me get back on my feet.

"How are you feeling?" Leila writes. "Do you think you can walk?"

"Yeah," I tell her. "I'm still feeling nauseous, but it's nothing compared to how I was before. But what about you? Is the pain in your head still there? Have you tried using this technique on yourself to see if it works?"

"I've tried it in the past, but it only seems to work if you're using it on someone else," Leila writes. "The pain is still there, but... I can manage. Anyway, let's see if we can trace back our steps from yesterday. I think we need to go this way first. Are you coming?"


[7] After about half a minute of me moving my hands around the sides of her head, trying in vain to find the subtle changes in the aura flow that Leila is telling me about, I eventually realize that I'm not making any noticeable progress, so I decide to give up.

"You were right," I tell Leila, as I take my hands away from her head. "It's not working. We should probably leave."

"Okay, let’s get going," Leila writes, and then the two of us travel further into the cave.


[8] After about twenty seconds or so, I begin to finally understand how my hand movements are influencing the very subtle changes in Leila's aura, and this helps me to better identify the source of her headache. Despite Leila's rushed and incomplete instructions, I manage to improvise a technique that is close enough to what she used on me, and I can see how the strained expression that she had on her face slowly turns into one that is much more relaxed.

"The pain... it's going away!" Leila writes, astonished, as I am still massaging her temples. "I didn't think you could learn to do this so quickly! It took me hours of practice to get this good with it when my father first taught the technique to me."

"It's probably easier for me because of my enhanced magical sense," I say. "As long as you can properly notice each minor change in the aura, it's easier to make improvisations to the technique. Tell me when the pain is fully gone, so I'll know when to stop."

"I think I'm fine, now," Leila writes. "There is still some nausea left, like in your case, but that can't be solved with a massage. We'll have to wait for it to pass on its own. Let's get going."

"Alright," I say, as I take my hands away from Leila's head. "Follow me. I'm pretty sure I remember which way we went last time."


[9] "So... what do you think happened to everyone at the rebel base?" Leila writes to me, while we are walking through the tunnels. "You don't suppose any of them got buried under the rubble from all those explosions, do you?..."

"I don't know about the rebels or the civilians, but everyone in our group has been through far worse stuff than some lousy cave-ins," I say. "I wouldn't worry about them being buried under the rubble, but then again, those explosions are probably the least of their worries right now. If what Peter said was true, the king of Ollendor has sent a small army to attack the people in the underground, and what's left of the royal guards will be there too, including the trainees. It's going to be a tough fight for them, any way you look at it."

"Can you try calling them through the transceiver?" Leila writes. "Maybe we'll get lucky and you'll be able to reach them."

"The walls around us are all filled with seredium, so I wouldn't get my hopes up but I can try, sure," I say.

I then pull out my transceiver, set the frequency to Daren's number and tap it once.


[10] "My father?!" Leila writes. "What do you mean? Why would he be in there?"

"Well," I say, "we know that the king wants his help with controlling the Overseer, and from what we saw during our previous visit, it looked like that particular tower was where Billy Bob had set up his main base of operations. If the king really wants your father to become a replacement for Bilibolbrathatastran or whatever his name was, then there is a good chance that the first place he'd want to take him to is the lessathi's work office."

"That's certainly possible, but it's also just as possible that they're simply keeping him in a prison cell until he agrees to cooperate with them," Leila writes. "There's no way to know for sure."


[11] "It's possible," I say. "They surely must have known that you were his daughter, considering that the teleporter guy was their informant, so maybe they were planning to have you work as his assistant, or something. The fact that I was also teleported here along with you was probably just an accident, caused by the fact that you happened to be holding onto me at the time."

"I see," Leila writes. "In that case, it's probably just a matter of time until they find out where we are and send some guards after us. Maybe we should try to quicken our pace a little."

After a few more minutes of walking, we finally reach the place where Breynan and Illuna deactivated the first magical trap yesterday, and we keep moving forward while attempting to use our magical sense to figure out if there is anyone following us or not. So far, it doesn't really seem like there's anyone in these tunnels except us, but with the large quantity of seredium in these walls, it is hard to tell for sure. 

If our pursuers were to hide their auras properly, then I don't think there would be any way for us to detect them, but then again the same thing goes for them as well. Considering that we've been making sure to conceal our auras ever since we began travelling through these corridors, our enemies should have a really hard time tracking us down by using only their magical sense. Ultimately, I think it will all boil down to how well each of us will be able to navigate through this maze-like place without getting lost.


[12] "Yes," I say. "I overheard Gontrok talking to the teleporter guy right before we were teleported, and he said that the king wanted to take you hostage, so that they could convince your father to do what they wanted. The fact that I was also teleported here along with you was probably just an accident, caused by the fact that you happened to be holding onto me at the time."

"I see," Leila writes. "In that case, it's probably just a matter of time until they find out where we are and send some guards after us. Maybe we should try to quicken our pace a little."

After a few more minutes of walking, we finally reach the place where Breynan and Illuna deactivated the first magical trap yesterday, and we keep moving forward while attempting to use our magical sense to figure out if there is anyone following us or not. So far, it doesn't really seem like there's anyone in these tunnels except us, but with the large quantity of seredium in these walls, it is hard to tell for sure. 

If our pursuers were to hide their auras properly, then I don't think there would be any way for us to detect them, but then again the same thing goes for them as well. Considering that we've been making sure to conceal our auras ever since we began travelling through these corridors, our enemies should have a really hard time tracking us down by using only their magical sense. Ultimately, I think it will all boil down to how well each of us will be able to navigate through this maze-like place without getting lost.


[13] "Barry, what do you think you're doing?!" Leila writes, as she is still preventing me from speaking. "What if that's Gontrok out there and not Hadrik?"

"Oh, I can hear you, alright!" I hear Gontrok shouting from a distance. "Stay where you are! I'll be right with you as soon as I smash through a few more of these walls."

"Ah crap," I say, as the sound of another wall being smashed can be heard somewhere closer to us. "Sorry about that."

"...Normally he shouldn't be able to pinpoint our location just from hearing us once," Leila writes. "Let's try to move further away from here. Hopefully, that will make him lose our tracks."

"Alright, let's go," I say.


[14] Not long after we start moving, we hear Gontrok shouting from a distance, confirming our suspicions.

"Where are you hiding, you cowards?" Gontrok says. "I know you're there! Show yourselves!"


[15] "Shut up," Gontrok says, after he reads Leila's writing. "The king never said that I'm not allowed to grab and immobilize you. And besides, that attack of yours was just for show, wasn't it? Now that I take a better look at your weapons, neither you nor your bodyguard over there have blades sharp enough to pass through a giant's skin, no matter how strong your attacks may be."

"You really believe that you can accurately tell how many enchantments a dagger has on it just by looking at it?" Leila writes. "Don't you think this overconfidence of yours might end up costing you your life someday?"

"Hah!" Gontrok says. "Someday, maybe. But not today. If you think you've got what it takes to kill me, then why don't we make a little bet? I will stand here in place for one full minute and during this time you can try to slit my throat, cut my head off, or whatever. I won't dodge and I won't defend myself in any way. However... if I am still left standing after that minute passes, you will come with me to visit the king of your own free will, without posing any resistance. What do you say?"

"You're going to regret this," Leila writes, giving Gontrok a cold stare while she readies her daggers.

Gontrok laughs, and then he grins maliciously at Leila. 

"We have a deal, then!" he says.


[16] After a few more unsuccessful attempts at cutting the giant's throat, Leila suddenly decides to change her target, this time aiming to stab her opponent in the eye instead. Predictably, this forces Gontrok to retreat, making a quick jump backwards to avoid Leila's blade.

"Hey, now," Gontrok tells Leila, looking mildly upset, "this wasn't part of our deal. I thought I said you were allowed to slit my throat or cut my head off, not stab me in the eye."

"You said I could slit your throat, cut your head off or 'whatever'," Leila writes. "The 'whatever' part of your statement implies that I could also attack you in any other way I'd see fit."

"What I meant by that was that you could attack me in whatever way you wanted, as long as you'd still be aiming for my neck," Gontrok says.

"Then maybe you should have been more specific with your phrasing," Leila writes.

"You tried to stab me in the damn eye!" Gontrok says, now looking a bit angrier than before. "You broke our arrangement!"

"So did you, by moving away from your spot before the sixty seconds were up," Leila writes. "From my point of view, you are the one who lost the bet, not me."


[17] After a few more unsuccessful attempts at cutting the giant's throat, Leila suddenly decides to change her target, this time aiming to stab her opponent in the eye instead. Predictably, this forces Gontrok to retreat, making a quick jump backwards to avoid Leila's blade.

"Hey, now," Gontrok tells Leila, looking mildly upset, "this wasn't part of our deal. I thought I said you were allowed to slit my throat or cut my head off, not stab me in the eye."

"You said I could slit your throat, cut your head off or 'whatever'," Leila writes. "The 'whatever' part of your statement implies that I could also attack you in any other way I'd see fit."

"What I meant by that was that you could attack me in whatever way you wanted, as long as you'd still be aiming for my neck," Gontrok says.

"Then maybe you should have been more specific with your phrasing," Leila writes.

"You tried to stab me in the damn eye!" Gontrok says, now looking a bit angrier than before. "You broke our arrangement!"


[18] "Whoa, there..." Gontrok says, as he's now starting to sweat a little. "Give me a little more time to think this over before--"

"Here I go," Leila writes, and then she makes a quick dash towards her adversary in the same way that she did the first time she attacked him, trying to cut his throat with both her daggers.

In a moment of panic, Gontrok forgets all about his deal with Leila and he jumps backwards, avoiding her strikes entirely. Realizing what he's done, the giant now turns his head towards Leila, wide-eyed, waiting to see her reaction.

"You broke the deal," Leila writes, simply. "You weren't supposed to move from that spot before the sixty seconds were up. This means that I win and you'll leave us alone. Correct?"

"No!" Gontrok shouts. "That's not what happened! I told you that I needed some more time to think things over and you just ran at me without even--"

"You told me that you needed more time after we had both already agreed to take the bet," Leila writes. "You never mentioned any delay in our initial arrangement. Are you saying that you are going back on your word?"


[19] While I am distracting Gontrok, Leila is somehow able to position herself behind him, but instead of attacking him while his back his turned, she moves to his side so that she can try to stab him in the eyes again. This forces my opponent to stop chasing me for a few moments, so he can defend himself.

As I am getting this brief moment of respite, I cannot help but notice that there is something strange going on with Gontrok's aura, although I can't tell exactly what's wrong with it from a simple glance. If I want to figure out what's going on, I would need to focus on his aura for at least a few seconds, leaving myself completely vulnerable in the process. Could this be worth the risk?


[20] While I am distracting Gontrok, Leila is somehow able to position herself behind him, but instead of attacking him while his back his turned, she moves to his side so that she can try to stab him in the eyes. This forces my opponent to stop chasing me for a few moments, so he can defend himself.

As I am getting this brief moment of respite, I cannot help but notice that there is something strange going on with Gontrok's aura, although I can't tell exactly what's wrong with it from a simple glance. If I want to figure out what's going on, I would need to focus on his aura for at least a few seconds, leaving myself completely vulnerable in the process. Could this be worth the risk?


[21] If I could find the right pressure points, I might be able to briefly stun him or to at least make him feel a strong feeling of nausea, but to do this while he is focusing all of his attacks on me might be a little risky. The second idea would be for me to tell Leila to use the pressure point technique on Gontrok while I'm keeping him busy, but I'm not sure if she would be able to modify the massage technique correctly unless I give her a very specific step by step guide in the middle of the battle.

Both options have their ups and downs, so I guess I'm going to have to go with my instincts, on this one.


[22] "I will hit you as soon as you stop running around in circles like some chicken without a head," Gontrok says angrily. "How about you fight like a man instead of continuing to disgrace yourself by acting in such a cowardly way?"

"I will fight however I please, thank you very much," I tell him.

"Then I will give you the death that you deserve," Gontrok says. "The death of a pathetic coward."

He then jumps at me and he begins to attack me with an elaborate series of feints that are meant to trick my overly sensitive reflexes into making me dodge at the wrong time, thus leaving myself vulnerable.

I am able to predict his feints the first few times, but eventually it gets too hard to guess when he's about to hit me for real or not, so I have no choice but to begin relying exclusively on my reflexes to evade his next attacks. This is unfortunately exactly what Gontrok was waiting for, and as soon as he sees me dodging one of his feints, he immediately follows it up with a punch so hard that it goes right through my head and it shatters my cranium in a single motion.


[23] "I will hit you as soon as you stop running around in circles like some chicken without a head," Gontrok says angrily. "How about you fight like a man instead of continuing to disgrace yourself by acting in such a cowardly way?"

"I will fight however I please, thank you very much," I tell him.

"Then I will give you the death that you deserve," Gontrok says. "The death of a pathetic coward."

He then jumps at me and he begins to attack me with an elaborate series of feints that are meant to trick my overly sensitive reflexes into making me dodge at the wrong time, thus leaving myself vulnerable.

After successfully predicting his first few feints, I suddenly realize that this isn't just a random set of movements that he invented on the spot but a tactic that already exists and that I know about thanks to my combat technique stat. If the information I have is true, then it should be easy enough to distinguish the fake attacks from the real ones, because whenever he actually wants to hit me, he will get a little closer to me so that his punches can have more of an impact. If I don't see him trying to close the gap between us too much, then he's probably just going for a feint. With this info, I should be able to hold out against him long enough for Leila to give me another opening. Let's see if it works.


[24] "Ugh!" Gontrok says, as he is grabbing his forehead with both his hands. "What did you do to me, you sneaky bastard?!"

"Not much," I say. "I just made you feel some strong nausea. Don't worry, it will pass soon. For more reasons than one. Leila, get ready!"

I then kick Gontrok in the back of one of his knees and I pull him by the shoulders, making him fall on his back. As the giant instinctively puts both his hands below him while he falls, Leila takes advantage of his temporary lack of defense to pounce on him with both her daggers aiming for his eyes. Just when she's about to deliver the finishing blow, a very high-pitched shrieking noise fills the room and for some reason, immediately afterwards we all lose strength in our muscles for a few seconds, causing us to involuntarily drop our weapons.

Having been saved by this mysterious ally, Gontrok quickly gets back up from the ground and he looks around, as if he were trying to find the source of the sound he just heard.


[25] At the same time, Leila joins her fingers together and hits Gontrok in the neck several times from behind, like I told her, but it doesn't seem to be having much of an effect on his aura.

"And giving me neck massages isn't going to help you either!" Gontrok says, as he attempts to grab Leila again, but she steps back just in time.

"Leila, let's try it one more time, but slower," I say. "I'll tell you when it will start to work."

"You two are really testing my patience..." Gontrok says, and then he begins to attack me once again, forcing me to get back.

Leila tries to disrupt the giant's aura a few more times while I'm keeping him distracted, but ultimately she does not manage to figure out how she's supposed to modify her father's technique to give Gontrok a headache, and it is too difficult for me to show her what she needs to do while I'm busy avoiding my opponent's punches. After a few more failed attempts of Leila and me trying to defeat Gontrok, we suddenly sense the presence of a familiar dark-skinned mercenary who is apparently now slowly making his way into our corridor.

"Sorry to interrupt," Loyrang says, in his usual casual tone, while his hands are positioned near the hilts of his two blades, ready to unsheathe them if the need arises. "I was going to let you finish your fight but it was taking a little too long so I got bored of waiting until the end."


[26] "I will hit you as soon as you stop running around in circles like some chicken without a head," Gontrok says angrily. "How about you fight like a man instead of continuing to disgrace yourself by acting in such a cowardly way?"

"I will fight however I please, thank you very much," I tell him.

"Then I will give you the death that you deserve," Gontrok says. "The death of a pathetic coward."

He then jumps at me and he begins to attack me with an elaborate series of feints that are meant to trick my overly sensitive reflexes into making me dodge at the wrong time, thus leaving myself vulnerable.

I am able to predict his feints the first few times, but eventually it gets too hard to guess when he's about to hit me for real or not, so I have no choice but to begin relying exclusively on my reflexes to evade his next attacks. This is unfortunately exactly what Gontrok was waiting for, and as soon as he sees me dodging one of his feints, he immediately follows it up with a punch so hard that it goes right through my head and it shatters my cranium in a single motion.


[27] "I will hit you as soon as you stop running around in circles like some chicken without a head," Gontrok says angrily. "How about you fight like a man instead of continuing to disgrace yourself by acting in such a cowardly way?"

"I will fight however I please, thank you very much," I tell him.

"Then I will give you the death that you deserve," Gontrok says. "The death of a pathetic coward."

He then jumps at me and he begins to attack me with an elaborate series of feints that are meant to trick my overly sensitive reflexes into making me dodge at the wrong time, thus leaving myself vulnerable.

After successfully predicting his first few feints, I suddenly realize that this isn't just a random set of movements that he invented on the spot but a tactic that already exists and that I know about thanks to my combat technique stat. If the information I have is true, then it should be easy enough to distinguish the fake attacks from the real ones, because whenever he actually wants to hit me, he will get a little closer to me so that his punches can have more of an impact. If I don't see him trying to close the gap between us too much, then he's probably just going for a feint. With this info, I should be able to hold out against him long enough for Leila to find another opening to try and stab him in the eyes again. Let's see if it works.


[28] Leila and I continue to fight Gontrok in the same way for a while longer, but it is getting increasingly obvious by the minute that we are not making much progress. After a few more failed attempts of Leila and me trying to tire Gontrok out, we suddenly sense the presence of a familiar dark-skinned mercenary who is apparently now slowly making his way into our corridor.

"Sorry to interrupt," Loyrang says, in his usual casual tone, while his hands are positioned near the hilts of his two blades, ready to unsheathe them if the need arises. "I was going to let you finish your fight but it was taking a little too long so I got bored of waiting until the end."


[29] "Hey, stop trying to prick my neck, you damn imbecile!" Gontrok says. "Have you gone mad? I said stop it!"

"What's the matter, Gontrok?" Leila writes. "Afraid of a little massage?"

"I'm not afraid of anything!" Gontrok says furiously. "He can massage me all he wants, but as soon as your sixty seconds are up, he's dead!"

I ignore Gontrok's ramblings and I continue with what I was doing. If my gut feeling is right, then if I try a variation of Leila's father's massage technique, I might be able to disrupt the giant's aura enough to get him to drop off his feet, which would make him automatically lose his bet with Leila since he's not allowed to move. All I need to do is find the right pressure points.


[30] "Well..." I say, while I am watching Gontrok take two small steps backwards to avoid losing his balance. "It looks like what we did to you is that we made you lose the bet. You weren't supposed to move from that spot until the sixty seconds were over, but I saw you taking two steps back just now. You're not going to deny that, are you?"

"I only took two steps back because you tricked me!" Gontrok says, as he is still struggling to deal with his headache. "That wasn't a massage, it was something else! It wasn't part of the deal!"

"And yet, you said very clearly earlier that you weren't going to cancel the bet because of what Barry was doing," Leila writes. "You also told me that I could attack your neck in whatever way I wanted, not only with my daggers. Are you saying that you are going back on your word?"


[31] "I only took two steps back because you tricked me!" Gontrok says, as he is still struggling to deal with his headache. "That wasn't a massage, it was something else! It wasn't part of the deal!"

"And yet, you said very clearly earlier that you weren't going to cancel the bet because of what Barry was doing," Leila writes. "Are you saying that you are going back on your word?"


[32] "Why would you want to take it off?" Gontrok asks. "Those devices were put there so that the king can teleport us to him whenever he's in danger."

"Okay, but hypothetically speaking, if someone wanted to get such a device removed, how would they go about doing that?" Loyrang says.

"You can't remove the device!" Gontrok says. "We were already told this on the day when we became royal guards. Weren't you listening? The only situation in which these devices would detach themselves from your skin is if the king dies."

"I was afraid you might say something like that..." Loyrang says.


[33] "You're the one who came up with all these grand schemes, Gontrok, not me," Loyrang answers Gontrok, acting as if the illusionist never said anything. "I'm a mercenary. I'm only in it for the money. Joining the royal guards with you seemed like a good idea at the time, but lately it's been a little more trouble than it's worth. That's why I decided yesterday that it was about time to cut my losses and to try my luck elsewhere."

"So you were going to leave just like that?" Gontrok shouts. "Without even saying a word to me?"

"And what was I supposed to say, hmm?" Loyrang asks. "Would you have left the city with me if I asked you to do it? Of course you wouldn't. You've already put too much effort into this ruse of yours for you to even consider abandoning your plans. There was no use speaking to you about it, because I already knew what you were going to say."

"So, now you're going to have the king killed and ruin all of my ambitions without a second thought, is that it?" Gontrok says angrily.


[34] "What a day this has been..." Gontrok says, once he's done laughing. "First I had to babysit that whiney teleporter guy, then I got taken for a fool by these two chumps, and now my trusted comrade-in-arms tells me that he's about to cut my arms off. And to top it all off, there is this most annoying buzzing sound in the background going on and on and on while I'm trying to talk, and it's PISSING ME OFF!!!"

Gontrok is right. I'm not sure exactly when it started, but all of the blue crystals that are embedded in the cavern walls around us have been vibrating for a while, and it feels like they're getting louder by the second. Gontrok pauses for a few moments, hoping that the sound might go away by itself, but when he realizes that it's only going to get louder from now on, he raises his voice, probably in an attempt to drown out the noise coming from the crystals.


[35] "What do you mean 'what is this'?..." Loyrang says. "It's your hand. Have you seriously gone so far off the deep end that you've forgotten what your left hand looks like?"

"Look at the fingers, you imbecile!" Gontrok shouts. "Do you not see that there are only three?!"

"Yes, there are only three fingers on your left hand," Loyrang says. "There have always been only three fingers on your left hand. Do you expect us to pity you now? Are you going to tell me that you want me to fight you with one hand behind my back to even the odds?"

"You are taking this joke too far, Loyrang," Gontrok says. "These two fingers disappeared out of the blue after I hit the crystal with them and you know it! You saw it happen with your own eyes! You were all here!"

"Gontrok, snap out of it!" the illusionist says. "This traitorous bastard must have cast some sort of mind affecting spell on you while we were distracted by the blue light. Listen to me. You've never had more than three fingers on your left hand. It is the way you were born. Don't get fooled by a simple trick like this, damn it!"

As the three royal guards are arguing, Leila pulls me lightly by the sleeve and when I turn to look at her, I can see that she is looking rather distraught.

"Barry... please tell me that I'm not going crazy," Leila writes. "You also remember Gontrok having five fingers on his left hand before, right? It's not just some mind affecting spell. Those fingers really existed... right?"


[36] As I say those words, a sudden chill travels throughout my entire body, and I begin to shiver uncontrollably while drops of cold sweat are slowly forming on the side of my forehead. If Gontrok's fingers have really been removed from existence altogether, then the only entity I know that is capable of doing something like this is the Magium itself. Does this mean that these crystals are connected to the Magium somehow? Is the Magium watching us right now?

I suddenly begin to turn around frantically, in order to see where each of the crystals are placed. There are so many of them. Too many to count... And they are everywhere. If the Magium really were capable of watching us through these crystals, then there would be no place for us to hide from it in these caves. We are trapped here like rats. There is no escape.

"Barry, what's gotten into you?" Leila writes. "Hey, are you reading this?"

My survival instincts are defective. Dying doesn't scare me. But what about ceasing to exist? Am I ready to spend an eternity floating in that void again? Am I ready to spend an infinitely long moment contemplating the contradiction of me existing and not existing at the same time? No, I can't go back there again... I can't give up. Not yet.


[37] "A brilliant deduction," Eiden says, as he is getting closer to the giant. "Now tell me, Gontrok, who gave the orders to destroy the underground rebel lair, which happens to be just as full of these blue crystals as the caverns that we are currently in? Was it you or the king?"

"The king gave the orders, but I was the one who carried them out," Gontrok says, and then he laughs. "Your precious rebels must all be dead by now, aren't they? And so are your intruder friends. I know you've been trying to help them. I'm not that stupid. I could tell what you were doing even if the king refused to see it. But now they're all dead, except for these two shmucks, here. How does that make you feel? Are you finally ready to show your true colors? Are you going to avenge your friends and kill the royal guards who massacred them?"

"Your royal guards are already dead," Eiden says. "The rebels, the king of the underground and the 'intruders' made short work of them and they will likely soon also be done with the troops that have been sent after them."

"No, that's impossible!" Gontrok shouts, as he is still holding his arm above his head with the rock in his hand, unable to move it. "You're lying! You can't--"

"Listen to me, Gontrok," Eiden says in a serious tone, as he uses his aura manipulation technique to rotate Gontrok towards him, while still keeping his right arm up in order to annoy him. "I could not care less whether you believe me or not. The only reason why I'm still keeping you alive is because I still have a question to ask you. So tell me, Gontrok, has the king mentioned anything to you about the third golden rule?"


[38] "Now, then..." Eiden says, as he is using a water spell to clean his pajamas of blood. "Was there anyone else who wanted to have a duel?"

"No, I think you've made your point quite clearly, actually," says Loyrang, whose uniform is still covered in the blood of his former colleague.

"Good," Eiden says, and then he begins heading in the direction of the seredium tower as he slowly turns invisible again. "I will now be paying the king of Ollendor a short visit. If you do not arrive there too late, you might get to hear a rather interesting conversation. I trust that you still know how to find your way to the seredium tower?"

"Umm, yes," I say. "Yes, we still know the way."

"Very well," Eiden says. "In that case, I will leave the secret doors unlocked for you. I will be looking forward to seeing your next interaction with the Overseer."

"What?..." I say. "Why? What's going to happen with the Overseer?"

There is no answer. Eiden is probably already gone.

"I think Eiden must have teleported somewhere further into the tunnels," I say. "We should probably go after him. Loyrang, you said you were coming with us?"


[39] "You seem to be really worried about the crystals," Leila writes to me, after she sees the way in which I am anxiously turning my head at every vibration that is slightly louder than the others. "Do you think there is any risk that they might do to us the same thing that they did to Gontrok?"

"I... don't know," I say. "They only seemed to react because Gontrok tried to harm them directly, but the last time when something like this happened, we were all attacked indiscriminately and it didn't seem to matter that some of us were just innocent bystanders."

"You are talking about the time when Arraka almost got you erased from existence while you were in the Magium's domain?" Leila writes.


[40] "In our case, I think it might have been because we both have lessathi blood in our veins," I say. "There was this experiment that Arraka was conducting while we were in the Magium's territory that I didn't really pay much attention to at the time, but I think it might help to explain what is happening. When we were spectating Kate's ritual in the Beacon of Hope, Arraka kept trying to get the attention of some of the lessathi that were in charge of the orphanage. When she did eventually manage to get one of them to react to what she was doing despite her being in a completely different dimension, she concluded that all lessathi must have some sort of natural affinity to the Magium, and that this is part of the reason why many of them are so good at making these devices that require you to understand magic at a very complex level. I think it is also due to this natural affinity to the Magium that we were still able to remember the existence of Gontrok's fingers. If we were to ask any of our friends about them now, I doubt any of them would be able to even imagine a Gontrok that ever had five fingers on his left hand."


[41] After passing through a few more tunnels, we finally arrive at the secret door that we used to get into the tower when we were here previously, and as Eiden promised, the door has been left open.

"Do you think we should close the door behind us?" Leila writes, as we are entering the hidden tunnel.

"I'm not sure," I say. "If we close it, then the invisible illusionist likely won't be able to follow us anymore, but we also won't be able to retreat into the tunnels if something goes terribly wrong. I think Illuna had to direct some of her magical energy into the wall to open it when we were here the last time, and neither of us can do that. You only need to touch the wall once to close it, though, so that is something that we can do at least. Let me think about it for a second."


[42] As we are now heading into the room full of people chained up to the ceiling, I cannot help but feel the same shivers down my spine that I felt the last time I was here, despite knowing exactly what was waiting for us. I don't get a lot of time to think about this, however, because almost as soon as we exit the closet, we hear the voices of Eiden and the king of Ollendor coming from the voice magnifier tied to the transceiver that is placed in the upper corner of the room, which if I remember correctly is the device that Billy Bob was using before to make announcements to the prisoners.

"Creator, please understand that I had no intention of going against your wishes!" the king of Ollendor says. "It's just that you said you were away on important business and you gave us no way to contact you, so there was no chance for me to discuss my plans with you. I would have never even imagined that you would object to the destruction of the crystal-filled underground corridors!"

"And yet, it is clearly stated by the third golden rule that the blue crystals are not to be tampered with," Eiden says. "These golden rules have existed ever since Varathia was first founded six hundred years ago and they've been passed down from generation to generation ever since. Surely you must have heard of them?"


[43] "Just some blue rocks?..." Eiden says. "My dear king, you cannot even begin to comprehend what effects your actions from earlier today will have on this continent, and on the entire world around us. You being strangled nearly to death is something so insignificant that it simply pales in comparison to the ramifications of today's events."

"The other kings were right..." says the king of Ollendor. "You are insane! You cannot be left alive! You are far too much of a threat to us all!"

"And yet none of these kings have had the nerve to tell me this to my face, despite having been planning my assassination in secret for the past twenty years..." Eiden says. "I will commend you, though, for being the first one to actually tell me this so openly. Perhaps a small reward is in order, to show you how much I appreciate your sincerity. I will leave you now, but you should expect your reward to arrive in this very room within the next few minutes. Goodbye, king of Ollendor."

After Eiden teleports away, we hear the king coughing a few more times, and then the transceiver falls completely silent.


[44] "Ah, so you are the ones that the Creator sent to deliver my punishment," the king says, when he sees us enter the workshop. "It must have been really amusing for him, sending the very murderers of my brother to assassinate me. Since Gontrok is not with you, am I to understand that you've already dealt with him?"

"Yeah, Gontrok's dead," I say.

"That is truly unfortunate," the king says. "He was a useful pawn. Very easy to manipulate. But that is enough chit-chat. You've come here with a purpose, haven't you? Go on. Strike me down. Kill this 'evil tyrant' once and for all."


[45] "Actually, doctor Reidzek is right here," we hear the Overseer's voice, as a green drone is now entering the room, with Leila's father walking close behind it. "I offered to free him from his cell in exchange for activating a few of my protocols that Biliborrathrathsarran always refused to give me access to, for fear of handing over too much control to me."

"You did what?!" the king shouts at Leila's father. "How? How could you have possibly considered that giving the Overseer more control is a good idea?"

"Well, you didn't exactly leave me with a lot of options," Leila's father says. "You didn't want to tell me what you did to my daughter, so I couldn't risk waiting in that cell any longer. Thank the gods that she is apparently safe."


[46] Despite his shout, the illusionist does not say anything else, and it doesn't seem like he is keen on revealing his position to us.

After a brief pause, the Overseer breaks the silence by asking us a question.

"The king of Ollendor is now dead," the Overseer says. "You've fulfilled your original purpose for coming here. Does this mean that you will now leave, or do you still have unfinished business in my city?"

"Well, first of all, I still need to-- hold on a second, what do you mean 'your city'?" I ask him.

"As I've only just stated, the king of Ollendor is dead, and so are the majority of his royal guards," the Overseer says. "That means that this city is now under my direct control. Therefore, it is now 'my city'. Please ask me if you need any further clarifications."


[47] "The king of Ollendor is now dead," the Overseer says. "You've fulfilled your original purpose for coming here. Does this mean that you will now leave, or do you still have unfinished business in my city?"

"Well, first of all, I still need to-- hold on a second, what do you mean 'your city'?" I ask him.

"As I've only just stated, the king of Ollendor is dead, and so are the majority of his royal guards," the Overseer says. "That means that this city is now under my direct control. Therefore, it is now 'my city'. Please ask me if you need any further clarifications."


[48] As he is saying this, I can hear something vibrating loudly from within the drone. The sound it is making is eerily familiar. When I recognize what that sound is, I freeze for a moment, and then I immediately remember a conversation that Hadrik and Arraka had when we first arrived to the rebel base:

"So, if I wanted, I could just mess with the auras of some rocks, and I'd have my own personal army of highly intelligent stone golems, then?..." I remember Hadrik asking.

"Sure," Arraka answered him. "If you also combine those rocks with some seredium, and some of the blue crystals lying around these caves, and a bunch of other stuff, and then spend a few decades working on them by using the knowledge you acquired from the Magium, then yes, you'll have your army. Call me in thirty years, and tell me how that's worked out for you."

Blue crystals. These drones were all built with blue crystals inside of them. How could I forget this?

I was careless to think that we would be safe from the Magium if we reached the surface. I should not have let my guard down so easily. Maybe there's still time. Maybe if we slowly distance ourselves from the drone, we could--

"Where is the one called Arraka?" the Overseer asks us, in a voice that is completely different from his usual tone.


[49] Instead of being trapped in a void like last time, I can now feel myself existing in the earthen plane, the magical plane and the ethereal plane all at once, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. I have no idea why I am so certain that this is what's happening, since logically speaking, I have absolutely no way of knowing what the magical plane or the ethereal plane would feel like, but there is no doubt in my mind that this is indeed what I am experiencing.

Yet at the same time, I am also somehow still inside that same room, except the room looks nothing like before. The workshop is falling apart before my eyes. The objects inside the room are all flying around and it looks like there is a strong wind of some sort that is also raising me in the air at the same time. And the wind isn't just raising me in the earthen plane either, but in the other two planes as well. It feels like my very soul is being sucked out of me while my body is being thrown around the earthen and magical plane like some cosmic rag doll.

Nothing makes sense anymore. Up is down, right is left, and my consciousness feels like it' being ripped apart from all directions.

"I will be looking forward to seeing your next interaction with the Overseer," I hear Eiden's words in the back of my mind as I am being flung around across multiple dimensions.

The bastard knew. He knew something like this would happen. I'm going to kill him. I swear I will kill him.


[50] "What did you do this time?!" Illuna shouts at Arraka, as she grabs her amulet in her hand.

"It wasn't me!" Arraka says, in a slightly panicked voice. "It must have been the other Arraka! The one from the God of Time's trials! She's probably wreaking havoc through all the parallel universes, trying to find a way to get back to the magical plane. At least I know that's what I would have done if I were in her place!"

"So, are you planning to put a stop to this, or are you going to keep twiddling your incorporeal thumbs while this whole world gets cast into oblivion?" Illuna says loudly.

"Yes, yes, give me a minute..." Arraka says, and then we see the green-eyed drone reacting to her and getting closer to the amulet.

When the drone reaches her, it begins to shine with a bright blue light, and then without any warning, the vibration of the crystal inside it stops and the room returns to normal completely, as if nothing had even happened in the first place.


[51] "Oh, so it was one of the rings after all," I tell Melindra. "I've been looking through his pockets, but I wasn't exactly sure which of the items you needed."

"I noticed," Melindra says. "And I appreciate the thoughtfulness."

"Okay, well... I certainly have a lot of questions to ask, but we should probably talk more once we're back in the rebel base," Daren says. "A lot of people got hurt during the collapse of the caves, and they need all the medical help they can get. Albert should be ready to teleport us at a moment's notice. As you might have guessed, Barry Thundercloud will not be teleporting us any longer, since he is currently being held in custody by the king of the underground's men. Are you ready to leave?"

"There is no need to be so stern, Daren!" Melindra says. "Have you already forgotten how you almost rushed to the caves under this tower by yourself when you heard from Albert that Barry was teleported here and Gontrok went after him? We still have a little time! Why don't you do what you really came here to do and give your good friend Barry a big hug?"


[52] 