
[1] 

Please wait...
[2] 

The whole world is spinning, and I'm having one hell of a headache. This has got to be the worst hangover I've ever had in my life. What did I even drink yesterday to bring me in this state?

I can't remember. And if I so much as try to focus on remembering anything that happened before I went to sleep, it starts feeling like a hundred small daggers are moving through my brain. I need to go back to sleep. I'm sure everything will be better once I get more rest.

That's right. I need to sleep. Just gonna keep my eyes closed and put my head on the pillow. Do I even have a pillow? Where was it that I fell asleep again? It doesn't matter. All I have to do is go to bed, and I'll figure everything out afterwards.


[3] "Go away!" I tell the mysterious force. "Your face is ugly and nobody likes you!"

The force has now stopped shaking me, but what it is doing instead is to pull my face from both sides, by the cheeks, making it feel as if my mouth is going to get split in half.

"Hey, cut it out!" I say, as I struggle to pronounce the words correctly while my mouth is being stretched wide. "Just because you're ugly, it doesn't mean that you have to take it out on me for telling you the--"

I stop talking all of a sudden, because as soon as I open my eyes I realize that the person in front of me was none other than Leila, who was currently frowning at me while holding my cheeks with both her hands.

"Oh..." I tell her, as I slowly figure out what's going on.

"Are you awake now, or should I keep pulling on these for a while longer, for good measure?" Leila writes, as she raises an eyebrow.

"No, I'm uh... I'm awake..." I say, as Leila releases me. "Ahem... Sorry about what I said earlier. I was still a little confused, and--"


[4] "Give me a few more minutes," I tell the mysterious force. "My head still hurts. I need to lie down and rest."

The shaking has stopped. The force is now gently placing my upper body back on the ground, so I can go to sleep.

It worked! My words convinced the force to leave me alone! At long last, it's time for some well-deserved rest.

I fall asleep almost instantly, but after what couldn't have been more than three minutes, the force pulls me up again and it begins to lightly tap the right side of my face. Seeing that this doesn't wake me up, the force decides to pull my eyes open by itself, until I finally decide to open them of my own free will.

"Just a few more minutes," I start to say. "Just a few more minutes and I'll be--"

When I open my eyes completely, I am shocked to see Leila in front of me, who is currently holding my eyes open with her fingers, and who is now making a bright blue text float in front of me.

"I'm sorry, Barry, but I can't let you rest any more than this," the writing says. "The royal guards could be on our tail any minute. We need to move."

As I am reading Leila's text, everything that happened before I fainted suddenly comes back to me.


[5] "Go away," I tell the mysterious force. "Stop bothering me! I'm trying to sleep!"

The force has now stopped shaking me, and it is instead lightly tapping the right side of my face. Seeing that this doesn't wake me up, the force decides to pull my eyes open by itself, until I finally decide to open them of my own free will.

"Didn't you hear me?" I say. "I told you to go away! What does a man have to do to get some sleep around here--"

When I open my eyes completely, I am shocked to see Leila in front of me, who is currently holding my eyes open with her fingers, and who is now making a bright blue text float in front of me.

"Barry, do you recognize me?" Leila writes, with a slightly worried look on her face. "Can you tell who I am?"

"Yes..." I say. "Yes, sorry about that, I was just--"

As I am trying to find my words, everything that happened before I fainted suddenly comes back to me.


[6] "Don't get me wrong," Leila writes, "the pain in my head is excruciating, but it's nothing compared to what we used to experience on a daily basis at the Beacon of Hope. I guess that when you grow up in an environment like that, you get to build up a bit of tolerance to pain and nausea without realizing it. Come on, let's see if we can get you to take a few steps forward. I'm sure you'll feel better once you make a little progress."

I take her advice and I try to move away from my initial location, placing one foot in front of the other while still holding onto Leila to maintain my balance. After no more than ten seconds I ask Leila to put me back down, because I was beginning to feel like I was on the verge of fainting again.

"This isn't working," I tell Leila, while I'm still resting on the ground, with my back against a wall. "I think you might have to go ahead without me. At this rate, I'm only going to slow you down, and you need to find your father as quickly as possible. Just leave me here, and I'll catch up with you later, I promise!"

"Don't be stupid..." Leila writes. "I'm not leaving you behind. If any of the royal guards teleport themselves here and find you in this state, they will kill you in a heartbeat. Give me a moment. I'll try to see if I can remember a technique that I learned from my father a while back. He used to do this for me sometimes, when the other lessathi from the Beacon weren't looking, and it got rid of some of the pain from my head. I think it worked like this."


[7] 

"Before we go, could you try teaching me that massage technique?" I say. "Maybe I can help you get rid of your headache."

"Barry, that's not-- it's not that simple..." Leila writes. "It would take too much time to explain it to you!"

"Then just give me the really short version, and I'll see if I can figure it out on my own," I say. "If not, we can leave."

"Fine," Leila writes. "But it's going to be a VERY short explanation. Come here."

I get closer to Leila and I put both my hands on her temples, as she tells me through her writing exactly which kinds of aura fluctuations I need to look out for.


[8] "Okay, let's move," I say, and then I follow Leila further into the cave.


[9] "Daren, are you there?" I say loudly. "Hey, Daren!"

As expected, I get no answer.

"It's no use," I say, as I close my transceiver and put it back in my pocket. "We won't know what happened to them until we get out of here."

"And by out of here, do you mean inside that tower with all the people chained up in the basement?" Leila writes, looking a little worried.

"Well, it's not like we know any other way out of these caves," I say. "We might end up trapped here for days if we try to find another exit on our own."

"Last time, we were able to get away from there because we had someone to teleport us out..." Leila writes. "This time, the rebels' teleporting engineer is no longer on our side, which means that the only way out of that tower will be through their heavily-guarded front door."

"I know," I tell Leila. "But like I said, we don't exactly have much of a choice. We're also probably going to need to get inside that tower anyway if we want to save your father, so we might as well do it now, while we still have the element of surprise."


[10] We keep walking through the underground tunnels for some time, trying to find our way around by searching for familiar-looking rocks on the ground and in the walls. Luckily for us, Flower and Melindra made me take an extensive training course in recognizing distinctive features for all types of stones during our last night shift, and this makes it a lot easier for me to tell the difference between these nearly identical corridors. It also helps that the blue crystals embedded in the walls are very bright, so there is no need for us to take out our stat devices to light our paths.

"So... why do you suppose we were teleported here, of all places?" Leila writes, as the two of us are examining the walls in order to confirm that we are still on the right path. "Do you think there's any chance that the Barry from the teleporter room was secretly still on our side and wanted to help us escape?"

"No, I don't think that's what happened," I say. "My guess is that this cave is the default place where the teleporting device sends you if the teleportation goes horribly wrong. Like you were saying earlier, the device must have had a failsafe mechanism built in, to avoid killing people accidentally in case the person operating the device does not follow the proper safety protocols. We were sent to this exact same place the last time when our teleportation went wrong, and I doubt that was a coincidence."

"Do you have any idea why they would want to teleport us out of the rebel base, instead of just leaving us there?" Leila writes. "Could it have something to do with my father?"


[11] "It was probably Hadrik," I say. "He and the others must have forced the teleporter guy to send them here after they heard what happened to us!"

"Don't you think they would have tried to call us through the transceivers as soon as they got here?" Leila writes.

"They most likely did, but then they realized that there were too many seredium walls between us and them, and that's why they started destroying them!" I say. "Let me try calling Hadrik on the transceiver. Maybe we can reach him now!"

"If you say so..." Leila writes, looking rather unconvinced by my arguments.

I then take out my transceiver and try contacting Hadrik, but unfortunately, I can't seem to reach him.

"Hey, Hadrik, can you hear me?" I shout loudly, as I put my transceiver back in my pocket. "We're over here--mmghf"

Before I get to finish what I was about to say, Leila rushes over to me and she puts both her hands over my mouth, silencing me.


[12] "I think it was Gontrok," I say. "The teleporter guy must have finally figured out where he ended up transporting us, and now Gontrok ordered him to teleport him to the same place."

"Yeah, I also think that's the case," Leila writes. "We should probably just keep moving forward. Him smashing a few walls here and there shouldn't really bring him any closer to finding us if he doesn't even know which way we're going."

"Alright, let's go," I say.


[13] We start running through the tunnel, but the smoke keeps following our every move and no matter what we do, we aren't able to shake it off. Just as we are about to turn another corner, Gontrok dashes past us at a breathtaking speed and he stops in front of us, blocking our path.

"Well, well, if it isn't the silver-haired princess and her not-so-charming prince," Gontrok says. "I'd love to stay and chat with you, but unfortunately the king has ordered me to bring the lessathi tinkerer's daughter to him alive and unharmed, so I don't have any time to waste. How about we make a deal? You hand over the girl to me, and I'll let you get away with only two broken legs. I'd say that's a more than reasonable compromise, considering the alternative--"

Before Gontrok gets to finish what he was saying, Leila makes a very quick dash towards him, aiming both her blades straight for his neck. Gontrok instinctively steps out of the way, but Leila attacks him again, right as he is regaining his footing. After dodging Leila's slashes a few more times, Gontrok gets tired of being on the defensive, and he attempts to grab her with both his hands.

Seeing that her opponent is finally retaliating, Leila jumps backwards and then she looks Gontrok in the eye, while she makes her blue writing appear in front of him.

"I thought you were supposed to bring me to the king 'alive and unharmed'," Leila writes. "Why are you fighting back all of a sudden?"


[14] We start running through the tunnel, but the smoke keeps following our every move and no matter what we do, we aren't able to shake it off. Just as we are about to turn another corner, Gontrok dashes past us at a breathtaking speed and he stops in front of us, blocking our path.

"Well, well, if it isn't the silver-haired princess and her smart-mouthed prince," Gontrok says. "My orders from the king are to bring the lessathi tinkerer's daughter to him alive and unharmed, but that can wait. That insolent whelp over there had the nerve to call me a coward to my face during our last encounter and I intend to teach him a lesson or two before I--"

Before Gontrok gets to finish what he was saying, Leila makes a very quick dash towards him, aiming both her blades straight for his neck. Gontrok instinctively steps out of the way, but Leila attacks him again, right as he is regaining his footing. After dodging Leila's slashes a few more times, Gontrok gets tired of being on the defensive, and he attempts to grab her with both his hands.

Seeing that her opponent is finally retaliating, Leila jumps backwards and then she looks Gontrok in the eye, while she makes her blue writing appear in front of him.

"I thought you were supposed to bring me to the king 'alive and unharmed'," Leila writes. "Why are you fighting back all of a sudden?"


[15] "Ready when you are, princess," Gontrok says. "I'll start counting the sixty seconds as soon as you hit your first attack."

Leila nods, and almost immediately afterwards she dashes towards her adversary in the same way that she did the first time she attacked him, trying to slit his throat with both her daggers. At the exact same time, I also make a rush for Gontrok, using my own dagger to try and cut through his neck from behind. 

Despite our best efforts, however, our blades are easily stopped by the giant's thick skin and neither of our cuts is deep enough to even draw blood. 

"I don't recall giving you permission to attack me at the same time as her, runt," Gontrok tells me, as he turns his head slightly in my direction.

"Who says I need your permission?" I say, as I strike him one more time.

"Cheeky as always, I see," Gontrok says. "Looks like I'll have to break that arm of yours to teach you a proper lesson, once this is over."


[16] "Leila, don't let him provoke you!" I say. "He's probably trying to trick you in some way. We should just fight him together instead. I'm sure we can beat him if we work together!"

"Maybe you're right," Leila writes. "As good as this deal of his may sound, I can really have no guarantee that he's telling the truth."

"Are you implying that I could do something as dishonorable as breaking my word?" Gontrok says, looking positively disgusted.

"We barely know you," Leila writes. "We have no reason to believe that you're any more honorable than a common cutthroat. All we have is your word."

"Very well, then," Gontrok says. "I really didn't want to do this, but it looks like I have no choice. I'm sure that the king would rather have you brought to him with a broken wrist or two than not at all. I should warn you that I won't be taking it easy on you anymore from now on. Prepare yourself."

"Less talking. More fighting," Leila writes.

"As you wish," Gontrok says.


[17] 

"You do realize that Leila wasn't bluffing just now, right?" I tell Gontrok. "Our weapons really are as sharp as Daren's sword."

"Did you seriously think that a barefaced lie like this would work on me?" Gontrok says. "Don't make me laugh! Hey, princess, ready when you are! I'll start counting the sixty seconds as soon as you hit your first attack."

Leila nods, and almost immediately afterwards she dashes towards her adversary in the same way that she did the first time she attacked him, trying to slit his throat with both her daggers. Despite her best efforts, however, Leila's blades are easily stopped by the giant's thick skin and neither of her cuts is deep enough to even draw blood. 

"Is that all you got?" Gontrok taunts her. "And here I was, hoping for an actual challenge! What a disappointment."


[18] 

"You do realize that Leila wasn't bluffing just now, right?" I tell Gontrok. "Our weapons really are as sharp as Daren's sword."

"Did you seriously think that a barefaced lie like this would-- work on-- wait a minute, what did you just say?..." Gontrok says, suddenly appearing a lot less confident than before.

"I said these weapons have the same enchantments on them as Daren's sword," I answer him. "Shouldn't that have been obvious from the start? We're his teammates, and he's an enchanter. Of course he'd be more than happy to enchant our blades."

"No, that's not how it works!" Gontrok says, in an increasingly more uncertain tone. "These enchantments require many resources... and time! Lots of time! There's no way he could have--"

"Hey, man, feel free to think whatever you want!" I say. "I just wanted to warn you, that's all. Have fun with your pathetic dishonorable death. I'm sure the gods will welcome you with open arms in their banquet halls when they'll learn how you spent your final moments on this earthen plane."

"Gontrok, prepare yourself," Leila writes. "I'm going to try slitting your throat first. Make sure that you don't move an inch."


[19] 

The giant takes a few steps towards Leila, looking as if he were about to attack her at any minute, but after a few seconds he turns around and makes a dash for me instead.

Before I even get a chance to move out of the way, Gontrok grabs my head with his right hand and he closes it into a fist, crushing my skull in a single movement.


[20] 



The giant takes a few steps towards Leila, looking as if he were about to attack her at any minute, but after a few seconds he turns around and makes a dash for me instead.

I step out of the way just in time, but he immediately closes the distance between us again and he attempts to smash my head in with his right fist.

As I try to get away from him, I quickly realize that he is much faster than me and it takes my enemy very little effort to catch up to me and to crush my skull in a single punch.


[21] 



The giant takes a few steps towards Leila, looking as if he were about to attack her at any minute, but after a few seconds he turns around and makes a dash for me instead.

I step out of the way just in time, but he immediately closes the distance between us again and he attempts to smash my head in with his right fist.

Thankfully, I manage to get away from him once more, but even with my speed stat maxed the giant is still able to keep up with me, which means that all I can do for now is to continue running around the cave, dodging every one of his attacks at the last second, while hoping to eventually give him the slip.


[22] 

I focus on the giant's aura, trying to understand what the problem is with it. Unfortunately, while I am concentrating, I fail to react in time to one of Gontrok's extremely quick strikes, and he cracks my skull open with a single punch.


[23] 

After a few seconds of focusing on the giant's aura, I finally figure out why I thought there was something strange about it. In fact it wasn't the aura itself that caught my attention, but the flow of magic inside of it that is specific to someone who is currently shapeshifting. The flow is clearly unstable. I've studied how shapeshifting is supposed to work, and none of what he is doing is standard procedure. He must be using some sort of poorly modified version of the normal shapeshifting spell so that he can gain wings and other useful appendages without the need to fully transform himself into a different creature. Maybe there is some way in which I can turn this instability of his aura into an advantage for me?

As I am standing there, thinking, Gontrok attacks me again with an extremely quick punch, making me jump behind to dodge him while Leila is once more looking for a good opportunity to flank my opponent. It feels like there are dozens of concurrent thoughts racing through my head while I'm avoiding Gontrok's seemingly endless attacks. Out of all the ideas that are coming to me right now, two in particular seem rather promising, but they both involve using a variation of Leila's father's massage technique to mess with the giant's aura.


[24] 

I continue to avoid Gontrok's attacks until Leila flanks him again from the side, and then in the few seconds during which he's not paying attention to me, I join the fingers of my right hand together and I use them to hit a few pressure points on the back of his neck. As I am doing this, I am also paying very close attention to the flow of his aura, so I can see if what I'm doing is working or not.

It's honestly rather hard to make improvisations to a technique that I'm not very familiar with, but at least I got to practice a little when I used it on Leila earlier, so I'm not going in completely blind here. In the very short time that I have at my disposal, I manage to disrupt some of Gontrok's aura's normal flow, but I do not get to finish what I was about to do before he turns around, trying to elbow me in the face, and thus forcing me to retreat once again.

"What in the blazes were you trying to do just now? Prick me in the neck?" Gontrok asks me, as he uncomfortably massages the back of his neck with his hand. "You'd better take this fight seriously if you don't want to end up splattered on that wall."

"Shouldn't you be saying things like that after you've managed to hit me at least once?..." I ask Gontrok. "Not to be rude or anything, but your threats are feeling kind of empty right now."


[25] 

I continue to avoid Gontrok's attacks until Leila flanks him again from the side, and then in the few seconds during which he's not paying attention to me, I join the fingers of my right hand together and I use them to hit a few pressure points on the back of his neck. As I am doing this, I am also paying very close attention to the flow of his aura, so I can see if what I'm doing is working or not.

Making improvisations to a technique that I never tried before is proving to be a little more difficult than I had hoped, but at least my actions seem to be having a noticeable effect. In the very short time that I have at my disposal, I manage to disrupt a little of Gontrok's aura's normal flow, but I do not get to finish what I was about to do before he turns around, trying to elbow me in the face, and thus forcing me to retreat once again.

"What in the blazes were you trying to do just now? Prick me in the neck?" Gontrok asks me, as he uncomfortably massages the back of his neck with his hand. "You'd better take this fight seriously if you don't want to end up splattered on that wall."

"Shouldn't you be saying things like that after you've managed to hit me at least once?..." I ask Gontrok. "Not to be rude or anything, but your threats are feeling kind of empty right now."


[26] 

I continue to avoid Gontrok's attacks until Leila flanks him again from the side, and then in the few seconds during which he's not paying attention to me, I join the fingers of my right hand together and I use them to hit a few pressure points on the back of his neck. As I am doing this, I am also paying very close attention to the flow of his aura, so I can see if what I'm doing is working or not.

Making improvisations to a technique that I never successfully pulled off before is proving to be a little more difficult than I had hoped, but at least my actions seem to be having a noticeable effect. In the very short time that I have at my disposal, I manage to disrupt a little of Gontrok's aura's normal flow, but I do not get to finish what I was about to do before he turns around, trying to elbow me in the face, and thus forcing me to retreat once again.

"What in the blazes were you trying to do just now? Prick me in the neck?" Gontrok asks me, as he uncomfortably massages the back of his neck with his hand. "You'd better take this fight seriously if you don't want to end up splattered on that wall."

"Shouldn't you be saying things like that after you've managed to hit me at least once?..." I ask Gontrok. "Not to be rude or anything, but your threats are feeling kind of empty right now."


[27] Surely enough, after several more strikes coming from Gontrok, my suspicions get confirmed and I can now say without a shadow of a doubt that he is indeed using the technique I was thinking of.  I avoid his attacks for a while longer until Leila finally distracts him once more, and then I quickly continue from where I left off the last time, joining my fingers together again and hitting several more spots at the back of Gontrok's neck until I can feel his aura going completely haywire.


[28] 

Surely enough, after several more strikes coming from Gontrok, my suspicions get confirmed and I can now say without a shadow of a doubt that he is indeed using the technique I was thinking of.  I avoid his attacks for a while longer until Leila finally distracts him once more, and then I quickly continue from where I left off the last time, joining my fingers together again and hitting several more spots at the back of Gontrok's neck, as I can feel the flow of his aura getting more and more erratic.

"I said knock it off!" Gontrok shouts all of a sudden, as he turns towards me and begins attacking me even faster than before.

The feints he is using now are getting increasingly more complex, and I can barely keep up with them anymore.

Due to the immense pressure that I'm currently under, I misread one of Gontrok's punches and do not dodge it in time. His strike was so strong that it fractured my skull in an instant and it sent my lifeless body tumbling down to the floor in the next second.


[29] 

Surely enough, after several more strikes coming from Gontrok, my suspicions get confirmed and I can now say without a shadow of a doubt that he is indeed using the technique I was thinking of.  I avoid his attacks for a while longer until Leila finally distracts him once more, and then I quickly continue from where I left off the last time, joining my fingers together again and hitting several more spots at the back of Gontrok's neck, as I can feel the flow of his aura getting more and more erratic.

"I said knock it off!" Gontrok shouts all of a sudden, as he turns towards me and begins attacking me even faster than before.

The feints he is using now are getting increasingly more complex, and I can barely keep up with them anymore.

It is only thanks to my very advanced knowledge of martial arts that I somehow manage to stay alive long enough for Leila to once again distract Gontrok and to give me the chance I need to finally perfect my aura disrupting technique. As Gontrok turns his back once more, I quickly hit the back of his neck with my fingers a few more times, except that now I finally feel like I know what I'm doing. Before Gontrok gets the chance to turn around, his aura goes completely haywire and judging by his reaction, this is clearly having as much of an impact on him as I was hoping.


[30] I continue to avoid Gontrok's attacks until Leila flanks him again from the side, and then in the few seconds during which he's not paying attention to me, I try to quickly communicate to Leila what I want her to do.

"Hey, Leila," I say. "Could you try using a technique similar to your father's massage on Gontrok? Basically, what I need you to do is to join your fingers together and hit several pressure points on the back of his neck instead of pressing your whole palm on his forehead."

"But... how would that be the same as my father's technique, then?..." Leila writes, confused, as Gontrok has now stopped to look at me with wide eyes, probably wondering if I'd gone mad.

"The fact that you have to use pressure points to affect his aura is the same, but the method is slightly different," I say. "Don't worry, I'll try to guide you step by step."

"You want to give me a massage, now?" Gontrok asks me. "Are these the last ramblings of a man that has already accepted his death? Why don't you come here, so I can put you out of your misery?"

"Leila, do it now!" I say, as I rush to attack Gontrok with my dagger.

"Your dagger won't work on me, you buffoon," Gontrok says, as I attack him and then quickly step back so that he doesn't have time to grab my weapon.


[31] 

I decide that I shouldn't waste the precious little time I have by looking at an aura, and that I should try to formulate a plan of attack, instead. Unfortunately, Leila's distraction does not work for very long, and Gontrok soon attacks me again with an extremely quick punch, making me jump back in order to dodge him.

As I am once more struggling to avoid Gontrok's seemingly endless attacks, I keep trying to figure out a way to beat him without using weapons, but after going through all the plausible scenarios in my head, the only realistic solution I can think of is still to keep evading him until he gives up, either from fatigue or from boredom. There are two of us, so as long as we can conserve our stamina properly by having him attack us in turns, we might just be able to pull it off.

After I dodge a few more of his strikes, Gontrok suddenly stops chasing me and he gives me a look of utter contempt, as he watches me waiting for him at a relatively safe distance.

"What exactly are you trying to do here? Avoid my attacks until I decide to leave you alone out of boredom?" Gontrok says. "You'd better take this fight seriously if you don't want to end up splattered on that wall."

"Shouldn't you be saying things like that after you've managed to hit me at least once?..." I ask Gontrok. "Not to be rude or anything, but your threats are feeling kind of empty right now."


[32] 

"You two are really beginning to test my patience..." Gontrok says, as he looks at the two of us, one by one.

He then turns towards me and begins attacking me even faster than before. The feints he is using now are getting increasingly more complex, and I can barely keep up with them anymore.

Due to the immense pressure that I'm currently under, I misread one of Gontrok's punches and do not dodge it in time. His strike was so strong that it fractured my skull in an instant and it sent my lifeless body tumbling down to the floor in the next second.


[33] 

"You two are really beginning to test my patience..." Gontrok says, as he looks at the two of us, one by one.

He then turns towards me and begins attacking me even faster than before. The feints he is using now are getting increasingly more complex, and I can barely keep up with them anymore.

It is only thanks to my very advanced knowledge of martial arts that I somehow manage to stay alive long enough for Leila to once again distract Gontrok and to give me the time to catch my breath. As I am now analyzing Gontrok's attack patterns a little more calmly, I realize that his latest tactics aren't all that different from the ones he used before, except for the fact that their increased speed is making them much more confusing. As long as I can keep this in mind while I fight him, I should still be one step ahead of him at all times, so there would be no reason to worry about getting hit.


[34] Okay, so I've probably only got a few seconds until Leila starts attacking Gontrok. What could we possibly do to defeat him without using our weapons? Think, Barry. Think!

"Ready when you are, princess," Gontrok says. "I'll start counting the sixty seconds as soon as you hit your first attack."

Leila nods, and almost immediately afterwards she dashes towards her adversary in the same way that she did the first time she attacked him, trying to slit his throat with both her daggers. Despite her best efforts, however, Leila's blades are easily stopped by the giant's thick skin and neither of her cuts is deep enough to even draw blood. 

"Is that all you got?" Gontrok taunts her. "And here I was, hoping for an actual challenge! What a disappointment."

As Leila prepares to hit him again, I suddenly come up with an idea that might just work, but I won't know for sure until I test it. Let's give it a try.

I move behind Gontrok, I join the fingers of my right hand together and then I use them to hit the back of his neck several times, while closely monitoring the flow of his aura.


[35] Unfortunately, this doesn't seem to be going as well as I was hoping. Maybe it would be a better idea to ask Leila for help, since she clearly knows how to use her father's technique better than I do.

"Hey, Leila, could you try to do the same thing I'm doing, but from the opposite side?" I say. "I'm trying to improvise a modified version of your father's massage technique, but I can't quite seem to get what I'm doing wrong."

"But why would you-- wait, I think I understand what you're going for," Leila writes, as she looks more closely at the movements of my hands. "Let me see if I can figure out how to do it properly."

She then sheathes her daggers and she joins her fingers together just like me, so that she can begin poking Gontrok's throat with them.

"You two are really beginning to get on my nerves, you know that?" Gontrok says. 

Leila does not react to Gontrok's words, as she is now focusing all of her attention on her technique. After a few failed attempts, Leila finally finds the correct pressure points and once she stops moving her fingers, I can immediately sense the giant's aura going completely haywire.

"Ugh!" Gontrok says, as he is now grabbing his forehead with both his hands. "What did you do to me, you sneaky bastards?!"


[36] For some reason, my improvised technique seems to be having much more of an effect on his aura than I was expecting. I must be a lot better at this than I thought! After a few more seconds of me hitting the back of his neck, his aura goes completely haywire, and I can already tell that this is having a great impact on the giant from the way he is reacting.

"Ugh!" Gontrok says, as he is now grabbing his forehead with both his hands. "What did you do to me, you sneaky bastard?!"

"I'm not exactly sure either," I say, while I am watching Gontrok take two small steps backwards to avoid losing his balance. "But what I do know is that you just lost the bet. You weren't supposed to move from that spot until the sixty seconds were over, but I saw you taking two steps back just now. You're not going to deny that, are you?"


[37] "What are you doing here, Loyrang?" we now hear the voice of the illusionist royal guard that we heard arguing with Gontrok yesterday before they teleported away. "You were supposed to be helping the others with destroying the rebel base."

Just like the last time, the royal guard's voice appears to be coming from all around us, and it is impossible to sense his aura, even though I'm sure he must be hiding invisibly somewhere in this corridor.

"I'm sorry, what was your name again?" Loyrang asks the illusionist, while looking in a random direction where he imagines that his royal guard colleague might be hiding.

"My name is--" the illusionist starts to say, but Loyrang interrupts him.

"It doesn't matter," Loyrang says. "I didn't come here to talk to you anyway. Hey, Gontrok, I had a question for you. Do you have any idea how we can remove these weird devices below our necks? I've been trying to take mine off since yesterday, but the damn thing seems to be implanted into my skin or something."


[38] "Oh, is the fight finally over?" we now hear the familiar voice of a certain dark-skinned mercenary, who has apparently only just stopped suppressing his aura and is now entering our corridor. "Thank the gods. I think I must have been only seconds away from dying of boredom."

"What are you doing here, Loyrang?" the illusionist asks the dark-skinned royal guard, as he is still approaching us. "You were supposed to be helping the others with destroying the rebel base."

"I'm sorry, what was your name again?" Loyrang asks the illusionist, while looking in a random direction where he imagines that his royal guard colleague might be hiding.

"My name is--" the illusionist starts to say, but Loyrang interrupts him.

"It doesn't matter," Loyrang says. "I didn't come here to talk to you anyway. Hey, Gontrok, I had a question for you. Do you have any idea how we can remove these weird devices below our necks? I've been trying to take mine off since yesterday, but the damn thing seems to be implanted into my skin or something."


[39] "If you want to kill the king, then you'd better wait in line! We were here first!"

"Well, it's not like I can attack him directly anyway," Loyrang says. "The tournament's spell is still preventing me from hurting any of the locals, remember? Obviously what I meant was that I would help you kill him for me."

"You will pay for this, you traitor!" the illusionist says. "Gontrok, what are you standing there for? Kill him immediately!"

"Loyrang, why are you doing this?" Gontrok says. "I thought we were a team! Why would you want to abandon everything that we've built here? The king has already agreed to appoint me as the new royal guard captain! It's only a matter of time until I convince him that all the other kingdoms are out to get him, and then we'll finally get to put all of this technologically advanced arsenal to proper use! With the king of Ollendor as our puppet, we will conquer all of the other cities of Varathia, and we will become the rulers of this continent. Isn't this what you also wanted?"

"The king as your puppet?..." the illusionist says, baffled. "Did you completely forget that I'm still here or are you just ignoring me at this point?"


[40] "What a coincidence! We want to kill the king too! Why don't we join forces?"

"Well, yes, that is pretty much what I had in mind," Loyrang says. "I can't kill the king myself, because the tournament's spell is still preventing me from hurting any of the locals, but that doesn't mean that I can't help you and your group by providing you with crucial information."

"You will pay for this, you traitor!" the illusionist says. "Gontrok, what are you standing there for? Kill him immediately!"

"Loyrang, why are you doing this?" Gontrok says. "I thought we were a team! Why would you want to abandon everything that we've built here? The king has already agreed to appoint me as the new royal guard captain! It's only a matter of time until I convince him that all the other kingdoms are out to get him, and then we'll finally get to put all of this technologically advanced arsenal to proper use! With the king of Ollendor as our puppet, we will conquer all of the other cities of Varathia, and we will become the rulers of this continent. Isn't this what you also wanted?"

"The king as your puppet?..." the illusionist says, baffled. "Did you completely forget that I'm still here or are you just ignoring me at this point?"


[41] "You're going to kill the king? Perfect! Less work for us, then!"

"No, no, you misunderstand," Loyrang says. "When I said I would 'get' him killed, what I meant was that I would help you do it. I still can't attack any of the locals due to the tournament spell's effects, remember?"

"You will pay for this, you traitor!" the illusionist says. "Gontrok, what are you standing there for? Kill him immediately!"

"Loyrang, why are you doing this?" Gontrok says. "I thought we were a team! Why would you want to abandon everything that we've built here? The king has already agreed to appoint me as the new royal guard captain! It's only a matter of time until I convince him that all the other kingdoms are out to get him, and then we'll finally get to put all of this technologically advanced arsenal to proper use! With the king of Ollendor as our puppet, we will conquer all of the other cities of Varathia, and we will become the rulers of this continent. Isn't this what you also wanted?"

"The king as your puppet?..." the illusionist says, baffled. "Did you completely forget that I'm still here or are you just ignoring me at this point?"


[42] "I've heard enough of this!" Gontrok says. "You're not going to help anyone kill the king. I won't let you."

"Is that supposed to be a threat?" Loyrang says, in his characteristic laidback tone. "Gontrok, my friend... Have you never wondered why I decided to travel together with you when I came across you on the first day of the tournament? Did you really think that I would risk walking side by side all this time with someone that I thought would have even the slightest chance of defeating me in battle? You clearly must not know me very well."

"So, first you insult my intelligence, and now you insult my combat prowess?" Gontrok says, as he seems to barely be able to contain his rage. "Do you seriously think that you can afford to be so confident just because those weapons of yours are sharp enough to cut through my skin?"

"Trust me, it's not just because of the sharpness of my weapons that I am being confident," Loyrang says. "If you don't believe me, you're free to test my skills whenever you're ready. Just don't blame me if you lose an arm or two in the process..."

Gontrok suddenly lets out a laugh, but it's not the kind of laugh that someone lets out when they're being amused by something. It's more the kind of laugh that you would normally expect to hear from someone who is only a few moments away from snapping.


[43] "What the hell is this?!" Gontrok shouts, while showing us his left hand.

What I am now seeing is extremely hard to put into words. It looks as if his left hand had been essentially cut in half, with its pinky finger and its ring finger missing entirely, as well as the two knuckles corresponding to them and the left side of his palm. Yet somehow, his hand looks like it's been that way ever since he was born. Not only is there no blood coming out of the missing fingers, but there is also no scar tissue to be seen. If someone were to see his hand now for the first time, there would be no reason for them to believe that those two missing fingers ever existed.

But that is not all... For a fraction of a second, when I first laid eyes upon his hand after the blinding flash of blue light, I was almost convinced that his hand had been like this the whole time. Even though I still have clear memories of his hand being intact only moments ago, I was on the verge of believing that Gontrok's left hand has had only three fingers since the very beginning. As I am struggling to understand how something like this could have happened, Gontrok shouts again, while taking a good look at every person in the room beside him.

"Why are you all looking at me like that, you daft fools?!" Gontrok says, as he is holding up his left hand to make sure that everyone can see it properly. "Do you not have eyes? I'll ask again. What the HELL is this?!"


[44] "What are you talking about?" I answer Leila in a low voice, while Gontrok and the others are still talking amongst themselves. "His left hand has always had three fingers."

"Barry..." Leila writes. "You already knew I would be able to tell that you were lying before you said that, didn't you?"

"I did know that, yes," I answer her.

Right after I say this, Leila punches me lightly in the arm.

"Well, I suppose I am at least grateful that you didn't see the need to use your bluff stat on me to fool me for real," Leila writes. "That would have meant taking the joke a little too far."

"Hey, even I'm not that insensitive!" I say.

"Right..." Leila writes, looking somewhat unconvinced. "So, do you have any idea what might have happened after Gontrok hit that crystal?"

"Well, the fingers that were the closest to the crystal are the ones that disappeared," I say, "so my guess is that these crystals must have some sort of defense mechanism that activates itself when someone attacks them. What I can't really wrap my head around is the reason why there was no blood or even any scar tissue left after half of his hand was practically cut off. Also, for a second, even I was almost convinced that Gontrok's hand was like that from the very beginning. It's like the fingers didn't just disappear, but they were instead completely... erased... from existence..."


[45] "What are you talking about?" I answer Leila in a low voice, while Gontrok and the others are still talking amongst themselves. "His left hand has always had three fingers."

"Barry..." Leila writes. "You already knew I would be able to tell that you were lying before you said that, didn't you?"

"I did know that, yes," I answer her.

Right after I say this, Leila punches me lightly in the arm.

"Is it okay if I interpret this as another one of your misguided attempts to lighten the mood?" Leila writes.

"Hey, it worked, didn't it?" I say. "You were so busy getting angry at me just now that you forgot all about your anxiousness from before."

"I suppose..." Leila writes. "So, do you have any idea what might have happened after Gontrok hit that crystal?"

"Well, the fingers that were the closest to the crystal are the ones that disappeared," I say, "so my guess is that these crystals must have some sort of defense mechanism that activates itself when someone attacks them. What I can't really wrap my head around is the reason why there was no blood or even any scar tissue left after half of his hand was practically cut off. Also, for a second, even I was almost convinced that Gontrok's hand was like that from the very beginning. It's like the fingers didn't just disappear, but they were instead completely... erased... from existence..."


[46] "You're not going crazy," I answer Leila in a low voice, while Gontrok and the others are still talking amongst themselves. "His left hand definitely had five fingers before."

"Oh, good..." Leila writes, looking relieved. "I was getting worried for a second, there. So, do you have any idea what might have happened after Gontrok hit that crystal?"

"Well, the fingers that were the closest to the crystal are the ones that disappeared," I say, "so my guess is that these crystals must have some sort of defense mechanism that activates itself when someone attacks them. What I can't really wrap my head around is the reason why there was no blood or even any scar tissue left after half of his hand was practically cut off. Also, for a second, even I was almost convinced that Gontrok's hand was like that from the very beginning. It's like the fingers didn't just disappear, but they were instead completely... erased... from existence..."


[47] "Leave it to a glorified barbarian to conclude that using a rock to smash into a crystal that has just removed his fingers from existence is a good idea," Eiden says. "Please tell me, Gontrok... How does it feel to know that the only meaningful purpose your head will ever have is to keep rain drops from falling down your throat?"

As soon as Eiden revealed himself, all of the crystals in the cave around us began to vibrate louder and more frequently than before. They're reacting to him... But why? Is it because he's a stillwater? No, that's not it. Melindra is also a stillwater and I've never seen the crystals behave this way around her. But then what is the reason?

Just as I ask myself this question, I suddenly remember how Arraka mentioned at one point that Eiden and the golden fox must have learned the food creation spell from the Magium itself. If Eiden and the fox are connected to the Magium in some way, then it could explain why the crystals are reacting like this, but why are they only vibrating and not doing something more? Just what are these crystals made of, exactly?

"So, it was you," Gontrok says, as he tries to turn his head a little so he can see Eiden with the tail of his eye. "These crystals were reacting to you all this time. You're the one doing this."


[48] He then rushes towards Eiden as fast as he can, trying to catch him by surprise with a quick series of punches. After a few seconds of effortlessly dodging the attacks in the same way that he dodged Daren during their first encounter, Eiden grabs Gontrok's right arm in the middle of one of his strikes, he twists it behind his back and then he hits several pressure points near his elbow in rapid succession.

Right afterwards, Eiden presses his left palm against the outside of Gontrok's elbow while still holding his arm with his other hand, and this causes the giant's forearm to bend backwards in an extremely unnatural way, while we can hear him screaming in agony.

"What did you do to me, you crazy bastard?!" Gontrok says as he is sweating something fierce, with his right arm just dangling beside him like a useless piece of meat.

"I gave you an honorable duel," Eiden says, coldly, with his eyes still closed. "Isn't this what you wanted?"

"Go plough yourself, you sadistic piece of crap!" Gontrok says, and then he tries to punch Eiden with the three remaining fingers from his left hand.

Eiden catches the incoming fist with his right hand and then he bends the giant's fingers backwards until we hear them crack. As Gontrok screams again, Eiden puts his left hand on the giant's head, making it explode into a million pieces of meat and blood that cover the floor and walls around him. As the giant's body is about to fall to the ground, Eiden uses a fire spell to incinerate it completely, leaving only ashes of the once proud warrior called Gontrok.


[49] "Alright, thanks for the heads up!"

"Goodbye and good luck!" Loyrang says.

"Same to you with whatever it is you're planning to do from now on," I say. "Be seeing you."

After we part ways with Loyrang and we begin heading for the seredium tower again, Leila writes me another message.

"Where do you suppose Loyrang went?" Leila's writing says. "We only know of one exit from these tunnels, and it's the way we're going."

"No idea," I say. "Maybe he thinks that if he'll return to the place where he was first teleported, he will get teleported back or something. Realistically speaking, unless he knows how to disarm magical traps, he'll probably wander around the caves aimlessly for a while and when he'll realize that he has nowhere else to go, he'll end up back here."

As I am walking and talking, I am continuously turning my head around in order to examine the crystals and to see if any of them are giving signs of wanting to attack us. The crystals have somewhat quieted down since Eiden has distanced himself from us, but they are still slowly vibrating, which means that Eiden has likely not left the underground corridors yet.


[50] "I appreciate the advice, but I'd rather be on the lookout for him just in case."

"Of course," Loyrang says. "I only wanted to give you the information. You are the ones who should decide what to do with it. Either way, I think it is time for me to take my leave. Goodbye and good luck!"

"Same to you with whatever it is you're planning to do from now on," I say. "Be seeing you."

After we part ways with Loyrang and we begin heading for the seredium tower again, Leila writes me another message.

"Where do you suppose Loyrang went?" Leila's writing says. "We only know of one exit from these tunnels, and it's the way we're going."

"No idea," I say. "Maybe he thinks that if he'll return to the place where he was first teleported, he will get teleported back or something. Realistically speaking, unless he knows how to disarm magical traps, he'll probably wander around the caves aimlessly for a while and when he'll realize that he has nowhere else to go, he'll end up back here."

As I am walking and talking, I am continuously turning my head around in order to examine the crystals and to see if any of them are giving signs of wanting to attack us. The crystals have somewhat quieted down since Eiden has distanced himself from us, but they are still slowly vibrating, which means that Eiden has likely not left the underground corridors yet.


[51] "Sorry, but I don't trust you one bit. For all I know, you may be secretly working with him."

"Fair enough, I suppose," Loyrang says. "In that case, feel free to ignore what I just said. I'm sure you will handle yourselves just fine either way. Goodbye and good luck!"

"Yeah, goodbye," I tell him.

After we part ways with Loyrang and we begin heading for the seredium tower again, Leila writes me another message.

"Where do you suppose Loyrang went?" Leila's writing says. "We only know of one exit from these tunnels, and it's the way we're going."

"No idea," I say. "Maybe he thinks that if he'll return to the place where he was first teleported, he will get teleported back or something. Realistically speaking, unless he knows how to disarm magical traps, he'll probably wander around the caves aimlessly for a while and when he'll realize that he has nowhere else to go, he'll end up back here."

As I am walking and talking, I am continuously turning my head around in order to examine the crystals and to see if any of them are giving signs of wanting to attack us. The crystals have somewhat quieted down since Eiden has distanced himself from us, but they are still slowly vibrating, which means that Eiden has likely not left the underground corridors yet.


[52] "I think I'm beginning to understand why even Arraka seemed a little shaken up after you came back from that place," Leila writes. "So, do you think that these crystals might in some way be connected to the Magium?"

"Yes, it's the only explanation I can think of that would make sense," I say. "Those fingers had to have been removed from existence. There was no sign of an injury on Gontrok's hand, and you saw how Loyrang and the illusionist reacted when they were asked about it. Neither of them remembered that he even had five fingers to begin with!"

"But a lot of us still remembered them," Leila writes. "The two of us did, and so did Gontrok and even Eiden. Do you think this means that the crystals failed to erase the fingers properly from everyone's minds for some reason?"

"No, my theory is that everyone in the world who knew about those fingers has forgotten about them, and that we were the exceptions," I say. "For Gontrok, it might have been too difficult to erase the notion of his fingers from his mind, because he had too many memories of them ever since his birth and removing all those memories would have resulted in his mind deteriorating beyond the point of recovery. In Eiden's case, I think he might be connected to the Magium somehow, because those crystals were clearly reacting to his presence. That would also explain why he seemed so unfazed after seeing Gontrok's fingers disappear, because it was probably something that he had already witnessed a few times before in the past."

"But what about us?" Leila writes.


[53] "Well..." I say. "It's not like I'm really doing much right now other than being anxious, but I suppose it would help if you kept a lookout for the crystals on the left side while I look at the ones on the right. If you notice any of them reacting strangely, give me a sign, and we'll try to distance ourselves from them as quickly as possible. I don't think there is much else that we can do right now except being extremely vigilant and hoping for the best."

"Alright," Leila writes. "I'll do that."

"Thanks!" I say. "By the way, how's the headache?"

"It's... better than it was before," Leila writes. "It isn't completely gone but it's definitely not as bad as it was in the beginning. At this rate, the pain might actually disappear by the time we reach the tower."

"That's good to hear," I say. "I'm sorry that I couldn't be of any help with that after you went out of your way to make my headache go away."

"It's not a problem," Leila writes. "Like I said, I'm used to this kind of stuff. Anyway, I think the wall on the left is clear. If I remember correctly, the next corridor should have fewer crystals in it, so we likely won't need to be on our guard as much as we are now. Let's go."


[54] "Well..." I say. "It's not like I'm really doing much right now other than being anxious, but I suppose it would help if you kept a lookout for the crystals on the left side while I look at the ones on the right. If you notice any of them reacting strangely, give me a sign, and we'll try to distance ourselves from them as quickly as possible. I don't think there is much else that we can do right now except being extremely vigilant and hoping for the best."

"Alright," Leila writes. "I'll do that."

"Thanks!" I say. "By the way, how's the headache?"

"It's practically almost gone!" Leila writes. "The massage you did really worked wonders. How about you? Do you still have the nausea?"

"No," I say. "I almost forgot that I even had it in the first place. We really need to thank your father for teaching you this massage once we find him."

"Yes..." Leila writes. "Once we find him... Anyway, I think the wall on the left is clear. If I remember correctly, the next corridor should have fewer crystals in it, so we likely won't need to be on our guard as much as we are now. Let's go."


[55] "Yeah, we should probably close it," I say. "I'm not entirely sure if the illusionist will be able to open the door or not, but it should at least delay him."

"Okay, let's do that then," Leila writes.

I nod to her and I touch the inside of the wall, which slides back into place, closing off the entrance to the secret tunnel. We then begin to climb up the stairs leading to the basement below the seredium tower.

Once we reach the top of the stairs, we go through the second door that has been left open by Eiden and we enter the same closet room full of buckets and wet rags that we stumbled into during our previous visit to the tower. I touch this wall too, and it also slides back into place like the one before, leaving no trace of a secret door having ever existed.


[56] "I think I'd rather leave it open for now," I say. "We don't know what will happen inside the tower, and I'd prefer it if we didn't close off our only escape route in case things take a turn for the worse."

"Alright, let's leave it open then," Leila writes.

I nod to her, and then we begin to climb up the stairs leading to the basement below the seredium tower. Once we reach the top of the stairs, we go through the second door that has been left open by Eiden and we enter the same closet room full of buckets and wet rags that we stumbled into during our previous visit to the tower.


[57] "No, I think you've already explained enough," Eiden says. "It is time for you to reap what you have sown." 

A few seconds later, we begin to hear the desperate sounds of the king trying to gasp for air while he is likely being strangled by one of Eiden's aura manipulation techniques.

"There is no use trying to call your royal guards... or what's left of them," Eiden says. "I've temporarily nullified your device's effects so that it can't teleport them anymore. You are on your own."

After a few more moments of choking sounds, we hear the king beginning to cough violently, suggesting that Eiden might have loosened his grasp on him in order to hear what he has to say.

"You..." the king says, as he is slowly regaining his voice. "Just for some blue rocks... you would do something like this? How dare you?!"


[58] "When Eiden said that the king's reward would arrive in a few minutes, he was talking about us, wasn't he?" Leila writes to me.

"Most likely," I say. "Look over there. The secret door leading to Billy Bob's workshop has been left wide open. Eiden is practically inviting us to go through that tunnel and kill the king."

"If that is the case, then we should probably hurry before the king leaves the room or calls for backup," Leila writes.

"You're right," I say. "Let's get going."

We walk past all of the prisoners, we enter the hidden tunnel and then we climb up another set of stairs until we reach the workshop in which we ran into Billy Bob when we previously came to this tower.

Just as we were hoping, the king is still inside the room, and as far as we can tell he seems to be the only one here. His guards are nowhere in sight.


[59] "When Eiden said that the king's reward would arrive in a few minutes, he was talking about us, wasn't he?" Leila writes to me.

"Most likely," I say. "Look over there. There's another secret door that has been left wide open on the other side of the room. Eiden is practically inviting us to go through that tunnel and kill the king."

"If that is the case, then we should probably hurry before the king leaves the room or calls for backup," Leila writes.

"You're right," I say. "Let's get going."

We walk past all of the prisoners, we enter the hidden tunnel and then we climb up another set of stairs until we reach what seems to be some kind of workshop that is probably normally used by Billy Bob to work on his devices.

Just as we were hoping, the king is still inside the room, and as far as we can tell he seems to be the only one here. His guards are nowhere in sight.


[60] 

I take out my crossbow and I aim it at the king's head. Just as I am pulling the trigger, I see Leila's text in front of my eyes, saying: "Wait, we didn't ask him where my father is, yet!"

I read the text too late, and I don't get to stop myself from shooting my enemy in time. As the crossbow bolt reaches the king, the projectile evaporates into thin air and a powerful beam of fire forms itself in front of the king, traveling the distance between him and me in the fraction of a second.

The beam envelops my whole body in flames, and before I even get the chance to understand what is going on, I get completely incinerated and killed on the spot.


[61] 

I take out my crossbow and I aim it at the king's head. Just as I am pulling the trigger, I see Leila's text in front of my eyes, saying: "Wait, we didn't ask him where my father is, yet!"

I read the text too late, and I don't get to stop myself from shooting my enemy in time. As the crossbow bolt reaches the king, the projectile evaporates into thin air and a powerful beam of fire forms itself in front of the king, traveling the distance between him and me in the fraction of a second.

The beam envelops my whole body in flames, but thanks to my hardened aura I only feel some of the heat, without it burning me even a little. The king looks somewhat shocked by this turn of events, but he quickly regains his composure and then he addresses me as calmly as before.

"Well, that was certainly unexpected," the king of Ollendor says, in a dry tone. "Frankly, I was hoping that my defensive counter-measure would have killed you, but I also have another ace up my sleeve. Namely, your friend's father. Only I know where he is, which means that if you don't do exactly as I say, doctor Reidzek will be meeting an untimely death at the hands of--"


[62] "Where is doctor Reidzek?" I ask the king. "We know that you're the one who had him kidnapped."

"Are you not going to kill me?" the king says. "I thought that was the main reason why you were here?"

"Answer the question, will you?" I say.

"...Very well," the king says, reluctantly. "Your friend's father is currently being held in a prison cell somewhere in this city. However, only I know his location, which means that if you don't do exactly as I say, doctor Reidzek will be meeting an untimely death at the hands of--"


[63] 

I aim my crossbow right above the king's left knee and I pull the trigger. Just as I do this, I suddenly realize that for some unknown reason my mind had been completely fooled into thinking that I was aiming at my adversary, when in fact I was aiming at myself.

I end up shooting myself in the eye, which kills me instantly.


[64] 

I aim my crossbow right above the king's left knee and I place my finger on the trigger. Just as I am about to shoot, I notice that there is something slightly off about the perspective. It's like what I am seeing in front of me is made to replicate reality, except for a few very minor discrepancies that can only be seen if you pay very close attention to them. Am I watching an illusion?

When I concentrate a little more on the angles that are not the way they should be, the illusion in front of me suddenly disappears, and I realize that instead of aiming at the king, I had in fact been aiming the crossbow at myself the whole time.

Damn, that was a close one. I almost shot myself in the eye back there. How did this even happen? Was it the work of the illusionist royal guard?

"Barry, what's wrong?" Leila writes, when she sees me staring at my weapon.

I take a good look around the room to make sure that there aren't any more discrepancies, and then I shoot the king quickly, in order to not give the illusionist any time to cast another spell. First, I shoot above his knee, like the Overseer said, and then I shoot him straight in the head.

"My king, NO!" we hear the illusionist royal guard shouting from somewhere within the room, as the king of Ollendor's dead body is now falling on the ground.


[65] I do as the Overseer said and I shoot a crossbow bolt right above the king's left knee. Once his device is destroyed, I aim for his head and I pull the trigger. The crossbow bolt pierces the king of Ollendor's head in an instant, and his body soon falls to the ground, lifeless.

Shortly afterwards, the Overseer's green-eyed drone turns towards us to ask us a question.


[66] "Actually, if you're so keen on seeing the king dead, why don't you kill him yourself?" I tell the Overseer.

"Request acknowledged," the Overseer says. "Now commencing assassination procedure. Please stand by."

"You wouldn't dare!" the king tells the Overseer, furiously.

Just as the king is done uttering his words, we hear the sound of propellers coming from the room’s main entrance, as several red-eyed drones are now entering the workshop. Before the king has any time to react, all of the drones attack him at once with both fire and lightning attacks, aiming first for the protective device above his knee and then for the rest of his body, thus killing him in a matter of seconds.

"My king, NO!" we hear the illusionist royal guard shouting from somewhere within the room, as the king of Ollendor's dead body is now falling on the ground.

Despite his shout, the illusionist does not say anything else, and it doesn't seem like he is keen on revealing his position to us. 

Having finished their job, the red-eyed drones now retreat out of the room in an orderly fashion and shortly afterwards the Overseer's green-eyed drone turns towards us to ask us a question.


[67] "Actually, if you're so keen on seeing the king dead, why don't you kill him yourself?" I tell the Overseer.

"Request acknowledged," the Overseer says. "Now commencing assassination procedure. Please stand by."

"You wouldn't dare!" the king tells the Overseer, furiously.

Just as the king is done uttering his words, we hear the sound of propellers coming from the room’s main entrance, as several red-eyed drones are now entering the workshop. Before the king has any time to react, all of the drones attack him at once with both fire and lightning attacks, aiming first for the protective device above his knee and then for the rest of his body, thus killing him in a matter of seconds.

Having finished their job, the red-eyed drones now retreat out of the room in an orderly fashion, and shortly afterwards the Overseer's green-eyed drone turns towards us to ask us a question.


[68] "Yes, actually," I say. "Our friend Melindra told us that the king stole something from her, and I'm pretty sure that she needs this item to save her brother. Since she wanted us to kill the king and not simply sneak into the palace to steal from him, my guess is the item must be something that his ‘royal highness’ would normally bring with him at all times, but I have no idea what it could be. Any ideas?"

"Unfortunately, I cannot help you with this query, as I am not familiar with your friend's history or her motivations," the Overseer says.

"Yeah, I figured as much," I say. "I guess I'll check his pockets first, then. Or maybe it could be one of those rings on his fingers? Let me see..."

As I am searching through the dead king's pockets, the Overseer's green-eyed drone suddenly begins to act very strangely. It is constantly moving up and down, then left and right without any rhyme or reason, and it seems that its behavior is only getting worse.

"Umm, Overseer?" I say. "Are you alright there, buddy? Had a little too much to drink last night?"

"There is... a voice," the green-eyed drone blurts out all of a sudden.

"A voice?" I say.

"It is a different voice every time it speaks, but I can tell it is the same entity," the Overseer says. "It is calling out to me from a place that is beyond analysis. Beyond reason."


[69] "Uh, am I talking to the Magium now,or...?" I say, as I am trying to sound confident, while my whole body is shaking. "Arraka isn't here with us, right now. I don't know where she is, exactly."

"Arraka's actions have threatened the very fabric of all existence and she must be stopped at all costs," the green-eyed drone says, in the same unusual tone of voice. "You will reveal her location or this world will be undone from its seams until she is found. Starting with this room."

"Listen, we really don't know where she is, but I think you might be mistaken!" I say. "Arraka is stuck in an amulet. There is no way she could have realistically threatened anyone with doing anything more than just shouting in their ear and not letting them sleep at night! If you could give us some time, I'm sure we can quickly clear this misunderstanding and--"

"Your time is up," the green-eyed drone says, simply, and then I begin to experience a sensation that I've never felt before and that I never imagined would even be possible.


[70] This has to be a trick. Leila can't talk. What if it's just some illusion of Leila and when I grab her hand, I will be erased from existence again? I can't risk it.

"I am not an illusion!" Leila says with her mouth closed. "Barry, listen to me! You're running out of time! You need to grab my hand now!"

I don't listen to the illusion and I put my hands on my ears so that I will no longer hear her, even though it doesn't seem to be having much of an effect. As Leila is still calling out to me, the air currents get much stronger and I get carried further and further away from her, until I can't hear her or anything else anymore. All is now silent, and the world around me is gone. There is only emptiness. As the memory of who I once was becomes more and more blurred, I close my eyes and my consciousness slowly fades away, never to be awoken again.


[71] Without a second thought, I grab Leila's hand and then we both begin to spin around in the air, as the wind is trying to pull us apart.

"Don't you dare let go!" Leila says with her mouth closed.

"I won't!" I say, and we both spin around for a while longer, as our souls in the ethereal plane are holding onto each other as well.

"What the... hell?" we hear Daren's voice from somewhere beneath us, as he is now entering the room through the secret door, together with Hadrik, Kate, Flower, Illuna, Melindra and Arraka.

"What's happening?" Kate shouts to us, trying to make her voice louder than the sound of the wind and the crystal vibrations. "How can we help?"

"It's the crystal!" I say in a loud voice while Leila and I are still rotating in the air together like a slow propeller. "The blue crystal inside the drone has awoken and it said that it’s looking for Arraka. I think it’s connected to the Magium somehow. The crystal said that Arraka had threatened the very fabric of all existence and that she needs to be eliminated!"


[72] "You should consider yourself lucky that the Magium didn't remember your hijinks through its realm and decided to end this universe as well, just to be safe," Illuna says.

"You do realize that this wasn’t the Magium itself, right? " Arraka says. "It was just a fraction of its will, manifested through the crystal, which was most likely awoken due to the destruction of the crystal-filled caverns from the rebel base. It probably didn’t even know who I was or what I did in the Magium’s realm. The only reason why it even reacted to these two losers in the first place was because it could most likely sense from their auras that they’ve been in contact with the Arraka from Selkram’s ritual, and so it must have assumed that she was hiding somewhere in this world. Anyway, the danger’s gone now, so you can relax. Everything's fine."

"I'm not exactly sure how you can tell us to relax when only a fraction of the Magium almost ended our entire world, but I suppose we can at least agree that we should be safe for now," Illuna says.

"This... is not something that I have calculated," the Overseer's green-eyed drone says out of the blue, this time in his normal tone of voice. "I will need some time to analyze what has happened. In the meantime I would like to ask you to leave this tower. We will continue our previous discussion at a later date."

"Just a moment!" Melindra says, as she goes over to the king's dead body and then she removes one of the rings from his fingers. "Alright, now we can go!"


[73] Chapter 8 of book 3 is now available. Press on the button below to proceed.

